Move the mouse cursor to the beginning of the blank page and press the DELETE key as often as needed until the text is in the desired spot.
In order to configure your router, try to access the internal page of the router. This varies from router to router. Consult the manual of your device for the address, username and password.
If your disc is not recognized, try changing the USB port.
Check the password you need to access your wireless network; it should be under your router, if the password has not been changed.
Please check if you have access to the email in your Webmail and then confirm the settings of your email client.
Follow the instructions listed on this page: http://fotos.sapo.pt/sapoptmail/fotos/?uid=wp6t4AZGbkMVELZvItYK#grande
Activate your wireless on your mobile phone and connect to your desired WiFi network using the correct password.
Select the emails and mark them as “Not Spam”.
Clean your system by going to Start > Run and typing in “CleanMgr”[ CleanMgr is a program that's used to identify unnecessary files from areas such as your web browser cache, browsing history, etc and deletes them]. If you have Windows 8, type the same command in the search area. Follow the instructions.
Turn on the PS3 from the network settings menu: “Settings "> “Network Settings ".
Contact your internet provider and report your problem.
Double-click on your anti-virus icon which is shown on the lower right corner of your Desktop. The antivirus panel will show you if there are any viruses
It could be a virus. Perform a scan with your antivirus software.
Try and install this PDF writer http://www.cutepdf.com/products/cutepdf/writer.asp.
Check if your PC can detect a wireless network. Otherwise, the wireless card may be disabled. Sometimes, computers have a physical button or switch that can turn the wireless network card on and off.
Go to System Tools> System Restore and follow the instructions.
Check if Windows Update is active.
Check if the phone is connected to the network.
Try plugging it into another outlet.
The original WiFi network password is located under the router provided by your ISP. [Internet service provider]
Confirm your username and password. If the problem persists, , click on “I can't remember my username or password” and follow the instructions.
This symbol tells you that you are not connected to a network. If you are connected by cable, check the cable.If you are connecting by WiFi, make sure your wireless router is switched on and that your wireless network card is enabled.
Select the files to remove and choose Delete or press the Del key on the keyboard.
Make sure you are properly connected to your router.
Connect your computer directly to the wireless router using network cables. If you can, access the internal wireless router settings page and make sure the wireless signal is turned on. Make sure the wireless is turned on. If your router has a wizard, you should run it.
Try resetting the router.
The CD that comes with your device contains drivers for installation. Alternatively you can download them from the manufacturer's website.
Remove the wireless network and try reconnecting again using valid credentials.
Make sure your repeater is synchronised with your router and that the access key is correct.
Try connecting the computer to another monitor, or in the case of a laptop, to an external monitor. If it works, you have a problem with your monitor.
Turn on the PS3 and go to Settings> Network Settings, select the network and enter your credentials.
Access the internal settings page of the router and verify that the settings enable NAT port forwarding.
Unplug the router from the mains and reconnect after 30 seconds.
Try restarting the router.
This is not possible at the moment.
Check if you can detect your wireless network.
Check if the Wi-Fi button on your laptop is active. If it is, check if it detect your wireless network.
Check the key which is under the router.
This may be due to low bandwidth, or a slow computer. Try to clean the computer.
Try installing the drivers from the CD that came with the printer. If you do not have the CD, you can go to the manufacturer's website to obtain the drivers needed.
Go to the Java website, download and install the latest version.
Try restarting the computer.
Go into the internal settings page of the router, and modify the password
Perform an update of your antivirus and then run a scan.
Perform a system restore and a virus scan.
Check the wireless network password on the internal settings page of the router.
It is not mandatory to provide your mobile phone number to Facebook.
Go to the Java website, download the program and then install it.
Check if there is no key stuck on the keyboard.
Check if the printer is properly connected to the network.
You can do it here: http://www.speedtest.net/pt/.
To change your password, go to https://id.sapo.pt (change password) go to Email Login > select again Change Password
You need to access the settings of youe email client and check that the outgoing server is correct.
Try to get into Safe Mode, as the computer is booting press the F8 key repeatedly. Then you have to perform a system restore.
Restart your computer and try again. If the problem persists, try to reinstall the software.
There is probably a problem with the network cable. Test this by using another cable.
Install the updates for Wow.
Use the same login credentials you use for the PT client Area.
An ADB router does not have this function.
Press the Ctrl Shift Delete keys simultaneously and select Clear Cache. Then press Cclear.
You will have to wait for the block to expire.
You need to copy the Hotmail link and create a Shortcut on the desktop.
Both anti-virus programs are good. Just choose what best fits your needs and remove the other one.
Click the right mouse button and then "Print".
Make sure that the Wi-Fi option on your phone is enabled.
Check the key under your router.
Access the internal page of the router. Consult the IP, username and passwords in the device's manual and then look on the router menus for the SSID option.
On the bottom right corner of your screen you will see a symbol that looks like a loudspeaker. Check that it is at 100%.
Recover the MyZon login access data.
Alt>View> Toolbars> Favorites Bar.
Go to Tools > Account and make a test transmission. If it fails check with your email provider the credentials of the email client.
Synchronize both modem and router by unplugging them both from the outlet and then reconnecting them after 30 seconds.
Go to "Settings>" "Open a specific page or set of pages" and put the address of the page you want as your homepage.
Restart the device.
Just drag the toolbar to where you want it to be.
Move the virus to quarantine and perform a full scan of the computer.
Install VLC from this website: http://www.videolan.org/vlc/.
Press the button you use to turn on your computer.
Connect the modem to the WAN port of the router, then unplug both devices from the outlet and turn them both on again.
You need to access the router's internal settings web page (usually 192.168.1.1) and enable uPnP.
Check if you can see your wireless network.
If the disc has crashed you cannot access the operating system. The only way to do this is to get a CD with the live operating system that does not require disc installation. You will then need to download the software from this website http://www.ubuntu.com/download/desktop on another PC, burn it to the CD, and insert it in the damaged PC.
Please reset the router. Do this by pressing the Reset pin for 30 seconds, then disconnect the device from the outlet and reconnect it.
Configure your new password in all email clients.
Install an email client such as Thunderbird.
Unplug the router from the outlet for 2 minutes. If the problem persists you may need to perform a reset.
Synchronize both devices by turning them off. Turn on your modem and wait until all modem lights are illuminated then plug your router in to the outlet.
Check the VGA cable that connects the monitor to the computer.
Make sure you are connected to your network.
Confirm that you are connected to the router by cable. Read the user's manual to find out the address of the router page. Then look for the menu that is more appropriate for the option you want.
See if you have a scanner or multifunction printer connected to and installed on your computer.
You will need to access the internal settings pages of the router, through your browser. This is usually the address (192.168.1.1). Change the parameters SSID, Channel, and Security.
Go to the page of the provider where you want to create the email account and register.
You must renew the license or acquire a new one.
This may be a problem with the network card drivers. Try reinstalling the drivers for the network card.
Uninstall programs you do not need and perform a disk cleanup.
To write the security key, click the field that is below the pin.
Try to check if the wireless symbol is visible on the screen of your mobile phone.
Try opening another browser such as Firefox, Chrome or IE to see if this problem persists.
In Outlook, go to Tools> Accounts and enter the data referring to your email account
We suggest you press the reset pin for 40 seconds and then turn off the power for three minutes.
In the lower right corner click the wireless icon to open the wireless network connections. Right-click with your mouse on the name of your network. In the menu click forget network and then connect to the network again with your new credentials.
You will need to register on ZON_FON (www.zon.pt / myzon).
Try to connect to your wireless network with the security key that is underneath the router.
Try to connect to your wireless network using the key that is underneath the router.
Select the email(s) you wish to delete and press 'Delete'
Check if you have active downloads or downloading software. If you do, turn them off and repeat the speed test
The servers of the email provider have set a limit relating to the size of their attachments, which varies from provider to provider.
Check the activation key that should be in the software package, and when the software requests the key, enter it.
Try to retrieve the account from the Facebook website.
Access PT client area (https://www.ptcliente.pt/Pages/Login/Login.aspx), and register.
Try to connect your cell phone to the computer via USB cable. In my Computer folder, the phone should show up as a Removable Device.
Open the email application > Settings > Add Account and enter the email provider's settings.
Check the settings in your Outlook account.
The free wireless network for MEO clients is WIFI PT.
Check if the error is related to any antivirus. If the problem persists, enter the DNS from Google (8.8.8.8 and 8.8.4.4)
Install the correct drivers for the respective card.
Retrieve your data (username and password) from MyZON and change the password.
Remove the network and reconnect entering the access key.
An internet connection through a cable is always more stable.
To open files of aspx format, you can use notepad or Microsoft Visual Studio.
If your ISP has an online TV service, you may use it, using a broad band USB modem.
Access your client area on MyZON.pt and register for the service.
Check out the file extensions so we can identify the programs that are needed to open them.
Access webmail.sapo.pt and create the email account. Then, if you wish to be connected to the service, access the PT client area.
You must register with MyZON.pt, and then access the page http://www.ZONline.pt/
Try to re-enter your access data.
Try to re-enter your login details into the page that appears when attempting to open a web page.
To watch Sport TV on the iPad, you must have the Sport TV app that is downloadable at https://itunes.apple.com/pt/app/sport-tv-multiscreen/id710897506?mt=8
Go to Settings > Wi-Fi, select a network and connect.
Check if you have internet, if you do try to reconfigure your Outlook account.
Check if the ADSL cable is connected correctly.
Check the cable between the devices and try to change screen resolution.
Try to re-install the antivirus.
Check if the link you are typing in is correct.
In windows you should click Start > Control Panel > Programs and Functionalities > Add or Remove Programs and uninstall the respective application.
Try to verify if the wireless button is on. Check in the computer manual the position of the button on your computer.
On the same network where there are cameras, open the following website http://www.whatismyip.com/ and check if the IP that appears is the same that you are entering to access the cameras.
You must first connect the monitor to the PC, and then access the settings through the monitor menu.
Check the version of your Java, you may need to install the 64bit version.
Try to reinstall the drivers.
Activate the feature in the Energy Options in Control Panel.
Yes, it's possible.
Try to reinstall Internet Explorer
To install the software just follow the steps from the page ww.piriform.com/Ccleaner.
Check if you can access Webmail through another browser, or find out more from the ISP of the email server.
Unlock the bar and drag it to your preferred location.
Uninstall the USB modem software and reinstall it using another USB port of the device.
Try to Update Adobe Flash Player
Check if you can access your e-mails through the webmail of your email provider.
Update the network card driver.
Install the drivers for your wireless card.
Try with another computer and browser. If the situation persists, the problem is with the website itself.
Please check if the network cable is properly connected.
Check the IP settings and open the respective ports on the router
VPI=0, VCI=35
You must access the internal page of the router and perform the opening via 'port forwarding' or DMZ host.
In case you changed the password, I suggest you reset the equipment to get back to factory settings.
Error 678 means the number you are dialing is incorrect.
Check the Skype sound settings in Tools > Options > Audio Settings
Check if you have Wi-Fi functionality active on the iPad
By default the router is configured for cable access only.
Check if it's connected to your wireless network
Try to re-install the network card.
Try to delete the navigation history, the temporary files and restore to default the browser settings
You must access the internal settings page of the router and deactivate the wireless.
Check if the network cable is connected properly.
Check the wireless network card drivers.
You have to go to Settings > Accounts Settings. Choose the account and press Delete.
In Internet Explorer, go to Properties, and change the homepage
Turn off the router and turn it on again.
Move the mouse to the lower right-hand corner, then Settings > Shutdown
You can access a website such as Gmail or Hotmail, and create an account, entering infromation as requested.
Check if the login data are correct.
Go to the command line and type in the following commands: 'netsh winsock reset' then 'netsh int ip reset resetlog.txt'
Try to re-install the device.
Check if the battery is plugged in correctly. If it is, replace the battery.
For that you only need to place the CD that comes in the box [into the CD drive] and follow the steps to install the program.
Right-click on the file, select 'Open with' and choose Adobe Reader.
Check the password written on the bottom of the router.
Check ‘Video Options > Change Profile Picture’ and press ‘Take picture’.
Try using another power plug.
Press the apple menu > System Preferences > Desktop and Screen Saver’ and select an image.
Try to uninstall unnecessary programs and perform a disk cleanup.
Follow the steps on this website http://support.microsoft.com/kb/982839/pt-br
Go to the gmail.com website and create a new account.
Try to update Microsoft Silverlight.
Press the power button until it shuts down. Wait a minute and then turn the computer back on.
Try to change the Desktop theme.
Press the Menu button + ON/OFF and restart the PC.
Try to turn off both the router and the signal repeater, then turn them on again.
Check if the batteries are charged, also try to synchronize the device and its base.
Try to use other power plug.
Yes, as long as that functionality is active in your router.
Check if the speakers are correctly connected to the computer
Gmail has an anti-spam active by default.
In 'Control Panel > Internet Options > Change Homepage', uninstall the Ask Toolbar.
Try to re-install iTunes and check the connections
Enter the desired website as homepage in the browser settings
If you do not want to buy the antivirus, we suggest you uninstall it and install a free one. We recommend Microsoft Security
It could be an energy discharge due to the thunderstorm. You will need to replace the equipment.
Depending on the website you might have to update Java or Flash.
Change your network card settings in order to obtain your IP automatically.
Go to the link: https://login.skype.com/account/signup-form and fill in the form.
You can download the installation file from the Open Office website and run the installation according to instructions given.
They are encrypted protocols for wireless connections of which WPA is newer and more secure.
Try to reinstall the browser.
Try to find a spot with a better signal.
If you are connected to a network through wireless, try to connect through a network cable.
Try to access the software inputting the required data from your email provider
Try to change your router channel.
It might be due to your antivirus blockage. Try to reinstall it.
You will have to check this information on one of the invoices supplied by the internet service provider to which you are subscribed
You can use Windows Movie Maker.
Check if you have manual IPs and that they are within the range of the router’s IPs
Try to download this plug-in (https://www.google.com/tools/dlpage/hangoutplugin), and try again.
Go to Settings> Extensions, find the desired toolbar and remove it.
You can access it through www.gmail.com or through www.google.pt, then clicking on the Gmail button that appears on the page.
Make sure that the Wi-Fi connection on your phone is active.
On the bottom of your router you will find the network name (SSID) and the password. Try to access using these credentials.
Depending on the website, you might have to update Java or Flash.
Try to press ALT+GR key together with the arrow keys to put the screen right side up.
Try to type in your e-mail and your password correctly. If the problem persists try to retrieve your data by e-mail.
Try to upgrade the Internet Explorer to the latest version. If the problem persists, try to reinstall the program.
Go to the page: http://windows.microsoft.com/pt-pt/windows/security-essentials-all-versions, download the software and follow the installation steps.
Yes, at the bottom of the router you have the name of the network and its password.
In the email client, you must enable the option to keep the emails on the server.
Try restarting your computer and try again. If the problem persists, try to uninstall Google Chrome and re-install it.
The DNSes of MEO are: 194.65.3.21 and 194.65.14.27.
This problem can occur because of an IP [adress] conflict. Try changing the IP of the app TP-link.
Check the network data at the bottom of the router.
Try reinstalling Skype.
Check if you have the PDF reader installed. If you do not, you can download it here http://get.adobe.com/br/reader/.
Check the connection between the keyboard and the computer; also press the Caps Lock and check that a light appears on the keyboard. If it does not, the keyboard may be damaged.
You should have only one antivirus, having two can generate conflicts. We advise you to uninstall one of them.
It may be a program that is using the connection or it may be your antivirus which is blocking the connection. Try testing with another computer. If the problem persists it is your connection.
Try another browser, and see if this problem persists.
Access the internal page of the router and make the opening through port forwarding or through the DMZ host.
Copy the link of the video you want to send or share, then simply paste it where you want to share it.
You have to configure each of the devices to use the new password that connect to this network.
On Facebook go to the photo and then press "Use as Profile Picture".
Go to Facebook Account Settings> Security> Deactivate your account.
Make sure all PCs are set up with automatic IP
Try uninstalling unnecessary programs, disable services / startup programs, and perform a disk cleanup.
Make sure the network cable is correctly connected. You may also try another cable.
Make sure you are connected to your network.
If it is a USB mouse, unplug and replug your mouse into the USB port. If it isn't, restart the computer.
Try resetting Internet Explorer to its factory settings by accessing the internet options.
You must enter the new wireless details on the new PC.
You will need to access the router and configure the SSID.
Make sure the date and time on your computer is correct, if not set the current date and time.
Try to check if you have Caps Lock enabled. It shows a light on the keyboard when it is turned on.
They can be accessed by using the following link: https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=wise&passive=1209600&continue=https%3A%2F%2Fdrive.google.com%2F%3Ftab%3Dwo%26urp%3Dhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.pt%2F%23&followup=https%3A%2F%2Fdrive.google.com%2F%3Ftab%3Dw
Connect the USB cable to the printer and the PC and install it from the CD. Follow the steps that appear there.
Try to see if the email account is configured for IMAP. If not, it is best to set it to IMAP.
In order to edit PDF files you need a PDF editing program, such as Acrobat XL. These programs need to be paid for.
Try to access the webmail server, and make the change there.
Open the page http://www.speedtest.net/pt/ and perform a speed test.
Try to go to the command line and type "ipconfig release" then "ipconfig renew".
You will need to access the Control Panel> User Accounts and remove password
Press ctrl 0.
Yes, it is better to leave it on.
You can make a password recovery through the Gmail password recovery system.
If it is an USB [keyboard] try connecting it to another port. If it is a wireless keyboard, check the batteries.
Make sure the cameras are connected to the network.
Try turning off the router and turning it on again.
Click Start> Run and type devmgmt.msc if you have Windows Vista or 7. If you have Windows 8, type the same command in the search box.
Try clearing your cache and cookies in the browser you are using.
If the printer uses the wireless network, make sure it is connected to your network.
Check if the document is stored, or if it is displayed in Recent Documents.
Check that you have the option to save the attachment with an active message
Access the client area to check the service status.
The best would be a computer with I7 processor, 8G memory and a dedicated graphics card with at least 2G of RAM.
Try to select the photo and choose the delete option.
Check if the settings of the Outlook account match those of the other device
You must perform all the updates required by the system.
You are connected to a network that may not be yours. Try to see on the bottom of the router the name and password of your network, then try to reconnect to your network.
Go to this link https://www.google.com/intl/pt-PT/chrome/browser/, download the software and follow the installation instructions.
Probably you have a stuck key on the keyboard. Try another keyboard if possible.
Connect the PS3 and go to Settings> Network Settings, select the network and enter your credentials.
In case of cable internet, try to see if the network cable is properly connected. In case of wireless, try to check if the name and the password, which are on the bottom of the router, are the same as those entered.
Go to Start> Run and type "cleanmgr". Select the Temporary Internet files and clear them.
Check the settings of the router's port forwarding options. To find out which ports to use, read the official documentation (https://help.ea.com/article/what-online-ports-should-i-open-for-fifa-14).
Make sure the PC finds the wireless network; otherwise try to determine if the wireless button is on.
Check that you can access email via webmail.
Try to see if the program is in the Start menu of your computer.
Microsoft Office Home and Student cannot be used in a business environment. You should use Microsoft Office Professional instead.
Make sure the connections between the computer and printer are working and try reinstalling the printer
You should go to Control Panel> Programs and Features
The problem is with the browser's security. Try to reset it to factory settings.
Try reinstalling the software.
Try to check the data you are entering.
Try another browser, and confirm that the user data you are entering are correct.
Download it from this link http://java.com/pt_BR/download/index.jsp.
Check if you have the sticker with the Windows Key on the computer case.
Try re-configuring the wireless settings of the printer.
Access the router directly via cable in order to verify the password and change it if necessary.
Try reinstalling the drivers.
You need to change the display resolution in the display settings.
Try to re-enter the data from your email account.
Try installing the drivers of the USB wireless modem from the CD
Check the settings on your account for blocked contacts.
Try to see if the drivers for the wireless card are active, and if the wireless button on the computer is connected.
To install a program just insert the CD with the program or run the .Exe file and follow the installation steps.
On the Gmail page, try recovering your account.
Make sure the game is compatible with Windows 8. Check on the box of the game or in the instruction manual.
You can register in the Zon client's area page.
You will need a network cable to connect it to the router's WAN port and at the other end of the modem. Then turn off both devices and reconnect.
Try to access the Play Store and install the application.
Just press Ctrl + Shift + Del keys then select "clear browsing history".
Windows provides Paint by default. You can also use free programs like GIMP, or professional programs such as Photoshop, for which you must pay.
Try to confirm the access data.
Try resetting the router and turn it off and on again. If they are not correct there may be a problem with your ISP.
It may be a DNS issue. It is best to put the DNS manually into the router and set it to 8.8.8.8 and secondary 8.8.4.4.
If you have the antivirus on the CD, insert it and follow the requested steps. If you have downloaded it from the internet run the EXE file and follow the requested steps.
It is currently not possible to do this due to the fact that Silverlight technology is not available for tablets.
You can check under the router or on its internal page.
You will have to see what the maximum capacity supported by your cellphone is. If yours has less capacity you can purchase one with more space.
You must access the router page (check router manual for the address)
If it is an Android device, there should be an icon in the shape of a globe. Try to click it. If it is an iOS device, there should be a compass icon.
Try to reboot the computer and try to update again.
Check the power connection and try to plug it into another outlet.
Access 'Control Panel > Display Options' and check if you are using the recommended resolution.
You can install [Mozilla] Thunderbird at http://www.mozilla.org/pt-PT/thunderbird/
Try the key combination of the monitor brightness
Check the printer's compatibility with ZONhub. You may use this page as reference: http://www.openprinting.org/printers
Go to 'Control Panel > User Account' and create a password
These window has an indication to connect via password.
This device supports neither 3G nor 4G.
The page you should access is www.ptcliente.pt
Check if the keyboard language is in PT
Try to uninstall unnecessary programs, deactivate services/ start-up programs, clean the disk.
Select photos or folders you wish to copy, right-click and then select Copy. Then go to the USB flash drive, right click and select Paste.
You should try again later.
Reset to the default options in Internet Explorer
Try to install it again.
Access the Facebook page, then click the icon with the gear > Account Settings > Notifications
If the software you are installing is trustworthy, accept the Licensing Terms.
When you find the wireless network, you only have to enter your login details for the PT customer area.
Try to disable that network connection and connect directly to your network.
Access the Facebook page, click the Gear icon > Account Settings > Timeline and Identification and change the settings.
Access www.skype.com and follow the registration process
Re-configure the desired wireless settings on the router
These kinds of programs and messages are usually associated with viruses. Scan with an antivirus software.
Click the blue symbol in the upper right corner and click logout
In Start > Programs and Features select the antivirus and uninstall it
Click the right button on the Desktop > Personalize > Choose picture > Save
Check the login access details including username and password
It is possible that there is a problem with some USB device. Try to remove all USB [devices] attached to the computer and turn on your computer again.
Check below your router, using the original wireless password.
Try to reinstall the app.
Try to RESET the repeater and reconfigure it
If there is no modification you can check below the router. If it was changed, you should connect the network cable to the pc and access the router page and check the password that can be found in the router.
Connect a computer to the router by cable and access the internal page to view and change the password.
Try to re-install the software
Try to turn off and on the PS3 Bluetooth headset
Check if the key is below the router. If the key is not accepted, you must enter the router and re-configure it.
Try to go to Start > Control Panel > System and Maintenance > Perform Back-up
Try to access internet options, and in the homepage section, set the page as Google
Check the router settings related to channel and place the router in a central location of the house.
In a browser, you must input the router's IP, which is mentioned in the appropriate manual.
You must update the email client details
Check if in the bottom right corner, the sound is at 100%
Go to'Account Settings > Mobile > Remove/Edit the number
Try to update it [antivirus], and perform a complete scan on the computer
In MAC the songs are downloaded to the folder ~/downloads. In WINDOWS, the musics are downloaded to the folder musicbox that can be found inside the folder my music
You must access the repeater's internal page, and insert your network details (username and password)
Press 'alt gr' and then @
Does the clix connection use pppoe?
Restart the computer and try again without any open application.
Go to Start > Run' and write 'cmd' and in the black window write 'ipconfig'. If it is MAC, you must write the command in the terminal
You must open the network list (network icon in the bottom right corner) and connect to the respective network.
Try to access the web page through another browser and check if the problem persists.
Unplug it from the outlet and try to plug into another outlet. If the problem persists, the device may be damaged.
You can use public proxies like http://hidemyass.com/
You can use a switch to split the connection for two devices
Check if your printer has the ability to print via wireless, and if it can, you must connect it to the network.
Check the manufacturer website for the available drivers and re-install the 3G modem.
Try to disconnect the router and turn it back on
Try and access it via mail.live.com
Access the router page and activate the highest security setting, that is, WPA2-AES
Check if you have 3G network coverage where your modem is connected
If it is MAC, right click, then go to open (or on Windows Open with :) > Another, choose the program that you want to open, ensuring that you tick always open with
You must access your account's webmail to make the change.
It could be due to a failure during formatting and some programs may have been damaged, you should try to format it again.
Test it with another network cable.
Your computer may be infected with a virus. Also, pay attention to watching YouTube videos because that also consumes a lot of bandwidth..
If you don't know what the password is, you must do password retrieval on the OLX page.
Try to go to Start menu, then Restart.
Try to re-install the network card using its manufacturer's drivers.
Use this information to configure the client http://www.oa.pt/upl/%7B9e482c51-1046-440e-a6dc-b0da4eb9cd9c%7D.pdf
If it is an external card reader confirm if you have all your drivers installed. They should come with the device.
Disconnect from and reconnect to the network. In the worst case scenario: re-install the app.
If the problem persists, you must do a system restore
You must copy the .pst files to another outlook and reconfigure the account.
Perform a router reset and leave the router off for more than 30 minutes
It is best to re-install the antivirus
This may be related to heating and another kind of anomaly at the hardware level.
It is not possible because the MAC doesn´t identify the network card.
Click on Bookmarks> Bookmark manager> Organize Bookmarks> Export Bookmarks. Select the folder you wish to save the bookmarks in.
To get it back on your desktop, you need to click the right mouse button on the desktop, select the shortcut option and paste the website URL.
Stand next to your wireless router and check whether you can see your network or not
Check your login details. If it doesn´t help, try to retrieve your password.
Go to my ZON in Personal [user] Area> Login Data> Change.
If you have the Microsoft Office on CD/DVD, insert the disc and follow the installation steps. If Microsoft Office is in ISO Image format run setup.exe.
At the top of the page there is a blank field that says" search "people, places, and things", Type the person´s name there
Click on File and select Save or Save as
Open Safari preferences and in the General Tab insert the desired page [URL].
Try to clean your browser cache and cookies. If the problem persists, try to open the site with another browser.
You should open network card proprieties in the Control Panel and double-click on TCP/ipv4. Next, select “Obtain automatically” for both IP and DNS.
The network cable can be broken or there might be some problems with the router. Try to change the cable, disconnect and re-connect both the router and the computer.
Go to the Play Store on your mobile, search for Facebook and download the application.
You can scan the photo, take a photo with your mobile or camera and save the photo on the computer.
Try to open the browser again. If it doesn´t help, try to restart your computer. If the problem persists you may have to reinstall your browser.
You can both connect to Facebook via the browser or go to the Play Store and download the Facebook Application.
Try to upgrade Flash Player to the most recent version (http://get.adobe.com/br/flashplayer/).
You will have to Upgrade Silverlight to the most recent version (http://www.microsoft.com/silverlight/).
You will have to copy some of your files (music, videos) to an external drive.
If it is a Tablet with Windows Pro, you can download it using this link: http://www.microsoft.com/silverlight/. If it has another operating system, installation is not possible.
You have to wait [until] it logs [you] out automatically.
Click once on the date tab.
appeared was a Google service called IGoogle that is no longer available.
Make sure that you have Adobe Flash installed/updated.
On the photo there is a ``V`` symbol. If you click it, the delete option will appear”
In order to maximize, click the second button in the window at the top right hand corner. If you want to see full screen mode, click on F11.
This happens because the programs are not running. Try to start them again.
Press the ctrl and + key as many times as needed
You need to go to http://www.google.com/mac/ to download and install it.
When you insert the SD card a window will open; select Open Folder. Then select all the photos you want to copy and press the right mouse button on one of them and then Copy. Then paste them where you want them to go.
If your details are not stored on the computer, the person cannot access your Facebook account. To prevent this, in the browser you use to access Facebook, press the following keys: ctrl shift delete. Select all the options that appear, and press clear.
Try going to the manufacter's website, look for your router model, download the appropriate software and follow the steps.
Windows Media Player has the option to rip a CD.
Check the program box or the envelope of the CD for the key.
Put your password in the rectangle and click Log In.
Try going to Control Panel> Sounds and change the output device.
Try to see if it is in Programs. If you do not find it there, you will have to reinstall Office.
If the virus has infected the file/files, you can delete or move the file.
A toolbar that came with the software was installed. You will have to go to Control Panel> Programs and Features, and search for any item in the list that says toolbar and remove it.
It is best to make a change of password with a password made with a combination of letters, numbers and special characters.
Visit www.europass.cedefop.europa.eu and follow the instructions.
Install Silverlight from this link http://www.microsoft.com/silverlight/.
You will need to reconfigure your email client with data from your email.
Make sure the DVD is RW that is rewritable. If not, you cannot do this.
You can watch this video for an introduction to Windows 8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1InUGhok5A
This is a measure to prevent automated scripts to perform mass likes. Try to reduce the times that you hit like.
We advise you scan your computer with antivirus; you can also install AddBlock (https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/adblock/gighmmpiobklfepjocnamgkkbiglidom?hl=pt-PT), to reduce the amount of windows that are opened.
You need to change the computer's login password or make one if you do not have one already. You must also change the password of the wireless network.
Go to Control Panel> Language, and then add the desired language.
You must change the password in the client area of Clix.
Press the Cmd and + keys [at the same time]
Try connecting the printer to another outlet. If this does not work, it may be a printer malfunction.
You must register on this page. To do this, follow the steps requested on the page.
You will need to set up your account as IMAP account; you can see the settings needed at http://ajuda.sapo.pt/servicos.html?faq_id=119756&servico_id=4617
This may be due to internet being slow, or due to weak PC hardware. Press these 3 keys simultaneously:." "Ctrl" "," "_" "," "Esc"
Check for an "FN" button on the keyboard, press it and try again.
You will need to access www.gmail.com.
You must have an earlier version of the Windows CD. Make backups of existing data and install the operating system you want using these CDs.
Select the text you want, click the right mouse button and select Copy. Then paste the text where you desire.
You will need to open a chat, select someone and type something into the text field.
In the File menu, uncheck the “work offline" option.
Go to the Insert tab, and in the Pages group, click Page Break.
Try going to Settings> Phone storage and SD Card> Unmount SD card> Format SD Card.
In Picasa click “Import”> "Import from" and select the file location.
Skype has a field that says "search". Type the skype name of the desired person.
Go to http://windows.microsoft.com/pt-pt/windows/security-essentials-download, download it and run the installer.
It is best to install the application " App 2 SD " . It can be found in the Play Store.
Try to see if the page has an option to store the login details. If it does, you must select this option.
You will need to access this page https://www.facebook.com/login/identify?ctx=recover.
With Apple equipment connected, go to iTunes and click the photos button at the top of the program.
You can do a speed test on http://www.speedtest.net/pt/ and see if it matches with the speed shown on your invoice.
You will need to access the internal settings page of your router and enable a DMZ for the device, or do port forwarding for the device. You can see the required ports here: https://help.ea.com/article/online-ports-for-battlefield-3.
You can see the settings needed in this tutorial: http://www.configuraroutlook.com/outlook2013gmail.php
You need to install the PDF Creator http://www.pdfforge.org/download.
You must follow the steps from this tutorial: http://cliente.clix.pt/apoiotecnico/software/email/windowsmv/criarcc/windows-mail-vista---criar-conta-de-correio-2.html.
In Start > All Programs look for Internet Explorer. Press the right mouse button and then click "Send to desktop”.
You can do a scan using the printer software or the printer may have a scan button.
You should report this and ask for these posts to be removed.
Search for Bitdefender on Google Play.
Try pressing the iPad power button for 10 seconds.
In the mail client in the accounts area, you can assign a name to each account.
On Facebook when trying to make a video call, install the application. If you have already installed a previous version, then reinstall the latest version.
Install or Reinstall Adobe Acrobat Reader (http://get.adobe.com/br/reader/)
Probably what is missing is the opening of ports on the router to the server. Try to access the internal [setting] page of the router and forward the port. The standard port is 22.
Try to see if you have internet. If you have, try to re-enter the login details. If it does not work, try to reinstall Skype.
Go to youtube.com and click the symbol on the top right corner. On the menu, go to and select Bookmarks and add this page to your bookmarks.
Try pressing ALT + SHIFT simultaneously to switch the language, and try again.
On login page select the “do not have an account” option. A new window will pop up and you must select "Connect without a Microsoft account “. Choose a user name and a password.
Access your friend's profile to see if the account is still active.
You must log out of the account to which you are connected. Only then you can login to a new account.
Make sure you have installed the latest service pack, and have already run the Windows update.
A modem cannot connect more than one device because it has no DHCP service. For this purpose you have to purchase a router.
Try using VLC, a reader which opens almost all video formats. You can download it here: http://www.videolan.org/vlc/.
Check the folders and spam box. If you do not find them, they have probably been removed.
According to the information from Microsoft, the minimum to run Windows 7 requirements are 1GB of RAM. As such we recommend upgrading your computer.
In a received message, on the view menu, click Message Header.
It will be compatible at hardware level. However, the software must run on 64-bit Windows.
You can use Windows Media Player, which comes pre-installed with the system.
Go to Start; look for a shortcut to Windows Live Messenger. Click the right mouse button on it, and click Properties. Then click the Compatibility tab and select Windows XP, and press ok.
Go to Start then right-click on the option “Computer”, choose the “Properties” and you can see all the specifications of your computer including the version of the operating system.
To place the windows side bar you must press ‘Start > All Programs > Accessories > Windows Sidebar Bar’
Try to re-open the browser. If you cannot, try to restart the computer. If the problem persists, you must re-install the browser
In Google Chrome, click on ‘Settings > bookmarks and select the option ‘Show bookmarks bar’
With time, devices have a tendency to accumulate dirt, making the cooling system less effective.
You can download it via the Microsoft website, then follow the instructions to perform the installation.
It is a free software for image manipulation that works on different operating systems
Because it is a fairly old version of Windows (from 2001), it may not work at first. However you can try it, since, if it is not compatible, this information will show up.
Inkscape is freeware for image manipulation that works on different operating systems.
To watch MEO TV channels on your PC, you can subscribe to the MEO GO service on MEO’s web page.
If you are a MEO client, the MEO GO package will be free, inside the MEO network. If you wish to have access outside of the MEO network, you must subscribe to a paid service.
To check the compatibility for this OS, check http://support.apple.com/kb/HT5842.
For that you must open a chat with a friend and in the upper right corner, click on the video option
Click on ‘Tools > Manage Add-ons’ select ActiveX Control and click on disable, then Apply and finally OK.
Try another USB port. If it runs on batteries, change them.
In Control Panel, click on the automatic updates/windows update option. You may search for available updates
You must press the key ‘Prt Sc’ or ‘PrintScreen’ and paste the image into any editor.
In order to recover iPad data, you must connect to a computer with a data cable and have the most updated version of iTunes. The Settings Reset option will be shown via computer back-up or iCloud.
In order to use MEO GO you have to use an appropriate application in the case you are using a mobile device, or go to the respective website if you are using a computer (meogo.meo.pt).
In the lower right corner, you will see the wireless indicator (5 lines). Click on it and press where it says ‘airplane mode’
Windows Live Essentials is Microsoft’s free antivirus.
It is an antivirus.
The retrieval of that data can only be done after resetting your motherboard.
If the printer does not appear installed, you must re-install it because the necessary drivers for one version may not be compatible with your new version of the Operating System.
Formatting and/re-installing the Operating System is only possible by means of a recovery cd/dvd
The problem can be related to a lack of bandwidth (upload/download), a missing or out of date plug-in, or a bad browser configuration.
There are many distributions of Windows 8: Windows 8, Windows 8 Pro, and Windows 8 Enterprise. Of those, there are also many compilations that vary according to the updates done so far.
If the computer restarts by itself, you may have a hardware problem or a virus.
In the upper right corner of the page on the toolbar, click on ‘Tools > Extensions’. There you can remove the Bing bar
Go to Control Panel > Sound and Audio Devices’ and choose the intended audio output.
That problem may be related to Operating System services that are not starting up automatically. Check in ‘services.msc’ if you have any services that are stopped and check if they are related to the ones required by the terminal (server).
You can analyze the performance of your computer by accessing the properties menu of My Computer, where this analysis is done by assigning values to the performance of Windows.
Check if the equipment is plugged into the outlet. If it is, try to connect the equipment to another outlet.
This setting is available in ‘Control Panel’, through the ‘Task bar’ in the ‘Start’ menu
The MEO box only provides TV service, check if you have a router providing that service [internet]
Check if the electricity cable and the VGA cable are properly connected to both the monitor and the PC.
Enter the following address 192.168.1.1 into your browser. Then go to ‘Services > Firewall > Port Routing > New Entry’. Input the desired ports and input the device’s IP where you want to open the ports.
To defragment the PC, click ‘Start > Programs > Accessories > System Tools > Disk Defragment.
Try to perform a browser clean-up, deleting the cache and temporary files. Also check for the existence of toolbars. If you have them but you don’t use them often, we recommend you uninstall them.
The user’s account may be damaged. Try to enter Windows in Safe Mode and change an account detail, like the password.
Normally this address corresponds to the router’s default setting for accessing its internal configuration interface page. The access login varies according to the brand and model of the equipment. You can look for it in the manual.
There may be an accumulation of dust in the cooling system and/or some anomaly in its functioning.
Removing your disk you may verify if it is an IDE or SATA interface.
Through the brand and model of your laptop.
It will be necessary to use your Operating System’s original CD .Place the CD in your PC’s drive, access the BIOS and change the BOOT option for drive and restart the PC. After that, you only need to follow the steps
You must have a wireless router to make the network available and have a computer with a wireless card.
Access network connections and see if it is turned off. It if is, right mouse click on it and activate it. If it is already active, the wireless button may be turned off. Try to find the button on the keyboard with an antenna.
Check what the file system of your disk is. For it to function correctly, the file system should be FAT32.
On Windows, with the disk connected, you must check its properties in ‘My computer’ menu.
If there is any change in the wireless name or the password, it is necessary to reconfigure the printer again.
You can get an original adaptor or you can acquire a universal charger that has a connector which is compatible with your device.
The problem may occur from a flaw in installing the printer drivers or from the windows printing service being stopped. Try to re-install the drivers.
Cross-Site Scripting (XXS) is a type of security vulnerability system of a computer.
Check the language that your keyboard is set. You may have a stuck key as well, like ‘Shift’. If it is a laptop, check that Num Lock is off.
The Operating System is responsible for controlling the functioning of a computer. It starts the computer’s hardware, maintains the integrity of the system among other tasks.
iOS is the Operating System used on iPhones.
A DDOS is an attempt to make the system’s resources unavailable for its users.
The operating system Ubuntu is open source. It is a system that can be acquired for free, however it has more compatibility issues with some of the more popular applications. Windows 8 is property of Microsoft, which is responsible for offering support. It is a paid operating system. It is compatible with the majority of the most popular applications.
To improve ping [speed], you should check all the software that use internet connection and deactivate them. You could also decrease Firewall safety so that traffic can pass more easily.
In Control Panel, in Display Properties you will be able to confirm the default screen, or you can test the monitor switch through a combination of keys (Usually Fn F4).
First, check on the Lexmark portal if there are any drivers compatible with Windows 8 64-bit. The included CD that comes with the printer should have information about this.
Your computer has a phisical button that tuns the sound on or off. Check if it is turned on. If it is, it could be a problem with the configuration of the sound card.
You could have burnt-out pixels on the screen or some problem associated with the laptop graphics card.
First, you will have to make sure that the portable disk is correctly connected to your computer. After that, select all of the files and/or folders that are on the hard drive of your computer. Then copy and paste [the files.]
Try to reinstall the software. Uninstall Adobe Reader through the Control Pannel > Programs > Uninstall a Program. Download a new version at http://get.adobe.com/br/reader/ and install it again.
IP refers to internet protocol, information that indicates the internet connection number of your router
It is not possible to connect several computers to a modem. To do that you will have to acquire a router or a switch.
To run as an administrator, right-click on the application and select “Run as administrator”.
iCloud accounts can only be configured in IMAP. If the emails were deleted, it is impossible to recover them.
There are a few steps you will need to follow. I recommend following this tutorial http://www.configuraroutlook.com/thunderbirdgmail.php
Hold down the Windows key and “e” at the same time. Next, right-click on a blank part of the screen and select Properties. The required information will appear.
You can use a software like camStudio (http://camstudio.org/)
In Finder, search for “KeyChain Access”. Open the program and look for “airport network” and find the name of the network. Double Cick, and then click on “Show Password”.
Yes, you can install it.
Start Menu > Run > Select “temp” and then delete all.
You will need to download Windows 8.1, in order to do that you only need to perform the updates available from windows.
You will have to go to this link: https://account.live.com/ResetPassword.aspx?wreply=https://login.live.com/login.srf%3fwa%3dwsignin1.0%26ct%3d1389282937%26rver%3d6.1.6206.0%26sa%3d1%26ntprob%3d-1%26wp%3dMBI_SSL_SHARED%26wreply%3dhttps:%252F%252Fmail.live.com%25
Yes, it is possible to block websites. Go to: Options > Services> Firewall > Access Controls.
You will have to go to the link (http://forums.adobe.com/message/4041846) and download the uninstaller for Windows.
With USB cable it is not possible, but you can connect to Time Capsule through a Wireless network.
It is not possible to access the Time Capsule files with an iPhone or an iPad.
The respective addresses are pop.clix.pt and mail.clix.pt, respectively.
Use these details: POP: pop.sapo.pt; SMTP: smtp.sapo.pt
Go to this website and enter your details: https://accounts.google.com/SignUp?service=mail&continue=https%3A%2F%2Fmail.google.com%2Fmail%2F&hl=pt-PT
Download the application drive https://tools.google.com/dlpage/drive , next click on the Drive icon at the lower right drive corner, select Open Google Drive folder. Then you only need to drop the files that you want to upload onto the folder.
Click the mouse right button on the image and select Print.
It’s not possible to see the download speed, but only the download time.
You can access [the Drop Box] via the site https://www.dropbox.com
If you are using VGA cable it only transmits video signals. You would need also a HDMI cable to transmit audio.
It happens when the BIOS battery is damaged. You will need to replace it.
Try to disconnect the power from the computer, remove the battery, then place it again in your PC and reconnect to the outlet.
Try removing the cartridges, blow on the connectors and place the cartridges in the printer again. If they are recycled cartridges, there may be some problem with compatibility.
Click the mouse right button on the Recycle Bin icon on the desktop and then empty it.
It is not possible to know the accurate address, you can try to use this site, for example: http://www.geoiptool.com/ -, but the results might not be precise.
You will have to go to the Contacts>Import contacts and then insert your Facebook login details.
Click on the Windows key and the e key.
In Settings select Show Home Page Button
Go to youtube.com and login using your Gmail account. Then go to this link http://youtube.com/user and insert the required data
You have to drag the yellow doll that appears on the screen on the street that you want to view.
Hold the Ctrl key.Then click the left mouse button on each file you want to select.
Press the Print Screen Button on the keyboard, then open any image editor, for example Paint and select Paste.
Click on the contact you want to call and the Video call button will appear.
You will have to press the keys Ctrl+F4.
In Skype click on Start Session with a different Account, then click on the Microsoft Account Button.
It is not possible to share a PPT on Facebook.
Go to Start Menu then type msconfig and go to the start-up tab. Deselect the items you want to stop running at start up.
he best way is to look it up in the computer handbook or at the PC manufacturer’s website.
The best solution is always download software from trusted websites. When you run the installation you will see manufacturer name if it says unknown it may not be trustworthy.
No, you should turn it off using Windows: Start Menu> Shut down.
You have to go to PS3 Settings>System Settings>Backup User. If you have any doubts go to the page: http://manuals.playstation.net/document/pb/ps3/current/settings/backuputility.html
Click the mouse right button on the contact that you want to remove and select Delete Contact.
In Settings > Facebook, activate the permission, so Facebook can access your contact list. Then in contacts activate the option to synchronize with Facebook.
Mac runs Flash and Safari works well with Facebook games.
You may access RAPT page (http://raptr.com/login) and link Facebook to your gamer tag.
Gmail has a double check up system, that is, whenever you access your email, you are requested to enter a special code that may be sent via SMS, Telephone or printed text. The retrieval of an account can also be done via SMS. So the cell phone number acts as an authenticity certificate.
Go to “Preferences > Privacy > Details > Remove all data from websites.
You can follow the instructions on the following tutorialhttp://www.hongkiat.com/blog/facebook-chat-macosx/
Try to remove the application and install it again.
You can use Google Contact Sync, an application that associates Gmail contacts to Facebook Friends
On the YouTube.app you can click on send URL by email and copy the link.
Try going to Account > Safety > Active Sessions and close all sessions.
Only Iif you are connected to the internet (wireless, GPRS/3G), you can synchronize the contacts with the ones from Facebook (updating the photos).
On the chat window you need to click on the gear icon and choose Invite a friend to this conversation.
Contact Instagram support, report this problem to them and follow their given instructions.
Click on the icon with 3 squares at the top of the screen and click on Find Friends. Choose one of the options and select the desired friends or click in Follow All.
No, you do not become their favorite.
Facebook can stay inactive for as long as you want, you just need to login again to reactivate the account.
Follow the described steps on this page, http://suportemagalhaes.com/kb_2/index.php?View=entry&EntryID=39 and attempt to follow them.
You must go to Tools > Options > Privacy > Clear history.
Right mouse click on the conversation and choose delete conversation. In the pop-up window click on Delete.
On the main menu, click on Conversations > Delete Recent. A message asking if you want to delete all recent conversations will appear. Click on Delete Recent.
In Manage Features, click on Voice Messages. Then click on Set up voice messages.
If you mouse over your friend’s state icon, you will be able to see if the contact has the voice message resource configured.
Of course. On Skype, select Options > Redirecting. Define a number to which the calls will be redirected and for how long the call should ring before it is redirected.
SpinVox converts your voice messages into text and then, sends them to your cell phone via SMS, on payment of a small fee.
Check if you are using the correct password and the latest version. Try to re-install Skype.
You must install the Dropbox app on all your devices and insert your login details. When the devices are connected to the internet, synchronization takes place automatically.
Access your account on the Drop box page, and click on your user name on the top right corner. Information will appear regarding your space usage.
Check the Dropbox icon on the menu bar. If the icon has a blue circle with arrows, it is synchronizing. When it changes to a green circle with a check symbol, it means the data are synchronized.
Install the Dropbox application for Android on your tablet from Google Play. Enter your login details and access the video. The Dropbox application for Android uses the native player for playing videos.
{ - Shift+Alt+8 } - Shift+Alt+9
Go to the www.google.pt page and in the search field, type violins then click on search.
The key must be stuck or contain some dirt underneath. If it is an external keyboard, try to flip over the keyboard and shake it. The keyboard could also be broken.
Open the message you want to print, and press Ctrl+P.
You must check if your email provider supports pop3 connections. If it does, you must configure the account as pop3 and remove the check symbol in the setting that states a copy is left on the server.
Simultaneously click on the keys Ctrl ”E”, then right mouse click and select Properties.
If it is an optic mouse, it could be the surface. If you don’t have a mouse pad, we recommend acquiring one.
Skype does not have an in-built spelling corrector.
It is a plug-in used by browsers to show multimedia content (movies, games, etc..) on web pages.
They are special functions keys that are set differently from manufacturer to manufacturer. To interact with them, there is a key on your keyboard with the letters FN. You must press the key and then the blue key of your choice. Please consider that you can easily deactivate functions such as wireless.
This sound signal represents a hardware fault, for example RAM faults, disk faults, etc… In the manual of the motherboard, there is a description of each beep, indicating the appropriate fault.
Tablet games are designed for the tablet systems and architecture, which are different from a normal computer.
In the Play Store, search for the app TeamViewer, then install the same application on the computer too.
Go to Start > Run and write ‘sysdm.cpl’ if it is Windows Vista or 7. On Windows 8 type the same command in the search box. Then click on the button change, and choose a name for the computer.
Go to Start > Run and write ‘msinfo32.exe’ if it is Windows Vista or 7. On Windows 8 type the same command in the search box. A summary of your computer will appear.
To block people on Facebook follow the steps from this website: http://www.tecmundo.com.br/6679-como-bloquear-e-desbloquear-usuarios-no-facebook.htm
You will have to download the Apple application: http://support.apple.com/downloads/DL1455/en_US/iCloudSetup.exe . After it has been installed, you´ll see an option to synchronize your Outlook contacts.
Follow the instructions on the following website: http://windows.microsoft.com/pt-pt/windows-vista/show-or-hide-icons-in-the-taskbar
This occurs when you enter a wrong password
Click the Windows key and the r key simultaneously, type wsreset.exe and re-install the update.
Right click the folder, select Properties. In the [pop-up] window, go to the Security Tab and click Edit>Add and type all [users] then click check Authenticated Users and next OK. Select the new group all and tick on Full Control and on Permit and then click on Apply.
It is not possible to rotate videos in Media Player. You can use Movie Maker.
Press the Windows Key and type ``calculator``. Next press the Enter Key.
Try this: Username: meo Password:meo or Username: Administrator, Password: 3!play
You can download the following Microsoft application:http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=9003
Run this application to remove the Office: http://go.microsoft.com/?linkid=9669698
Download Fix It from the Microsoft website: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/310049/pt
Go to this link and follow the instructions: http://office.microsoft.com/pt-br/word-help/resumir-automaticamente-um-documento-HP005189680.aspx
In Word click on the Page Layout menu and then on Page Border.
It is not possible to remove this advertising banner.
Select the cell where you want to insert the picture. In Insert tab, there is a button called Picture in the Illustrations group, click on the Picture button.
Check if you have the Pack 2 Office 2007 Service. If you don´t download it from the site: http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyId=B444BF18-79EA-46C6-8A81-9DB49B4AB6E5&displaylang=pt-BR
Click the Office button>Excel Options>Formula and uncheck Reference L1C1 Style.
In the Tool Menu click Options>Preferences>E-mail options> message manipulation, tick the option Save Message Copies in Sent Items folder.
Right click button on the cell of your choice and next click on Insert Comment.
Click on the File Menu>Print and on the right side of the screen you will see a Print preview of your document
Make sure that you have your Office Licence activated. Go to the File Menu> help. If it asks for activation, it is because it is not activated.
Click on the email message body and then in the Insert menu> Images
Click the Office Button, at the top-left of the screen. Then in the lower right corner go to Advanced and select “use the system tabs”and OK.
Go to this page and try to follow the steps: http://office.microsoft.com/pt-br/outlook-help/adicionar-nomes-as-listas-de-filtro-de-lixo-eletronico-HA001230163.aspx
Click on File Menu and select the Work Off-line option. Close the Outlook and open it again. Delete the message from de outbox. Click on File Menu and uncheck the Work Offline option.
This software is not available any more. It has been replaced by Photo Gallery. http://windows.microsoft.com/pt-br/windows-live/photo-gallery#photogallery=overview~
Click the File Menu> Options> Language and define the Display Language and the Help language as English
Open the message and click Other Tasks button. Next click on the View button in the browser.
This action is not allowed in Word Starter. You can review unavailable program functions here: http://office.microsoft.com/pt-br/starter-help/suporte-a-recursos-do-word-starter-HA010374498.aspx.
Go to this site and try to follow the steps http://support.microsoft.com/kb/290840/pt-br?p=1
Excel can already open txt files. When opened, you will see the File Assistant. A successful opening of a txt in Excel depends on text formatting.
You can go to this website and check if some of them meet your criteria: http://office.microsoft.com/pt-pt/templates/modelos-FX010059549.aspx?pid=CL100632981046
Go to File [Menu]>Options>Advanced>General. Select the validation’s box : ignore other applications that Uses Dynamic Data Exchange (DDE)
Go to File Menu> File>Options>Advanced. Uncheck the option send automatically when connected.
Go to this website and try to follow the steps http://office.microsoft.com/pt-pt/powerpoint-help/proteger-documentos-pastas-de-trabalho-e-apresentacoes-com-senha-HA010148333.aspx
Try to follow the steps on this website http://office.microsoft.com/pt-pt/publisher-help/criar-e-enviar-publicacoes-por-correio-electronico-utilizando-o-publisher-HA001074338.aspx
Try to follow the steps described on this website http://support.microsoft.com/kb/981149/pt-br
In the menu File > Open > Import, click on Export to File and then click Next. In the box Create a Type of File click on Microsoft Excel, and then click Next. In the box Select Folder to Export click on Contacts and then click on Next. Type the name of the file, click on Next and then click Finish. In Excel, open the file created in the previous stage.
Try to follow the steps on this web site: http://office.microsoft.com/pt-br/excel-help/reparando-uma-pasta-de-trabalho-corrompida-HA010097017.aspx
You will need to go to Tools > Account Settings, click on the account that for which you want to create a signature, and where the signature text is, write what you want to appear.
On the router, there is a small hole, which should say “Reset”. With a paperclip, press this hole until the lights of the router start to blink.
A password must have a minimum of 8 characters, the more the better, and should have numbers and symbols.
If you mark a file as a Favorite, your device saves the file for offline viewing and guarantees that it is always synchronized.
On the Dropbox page, click on the empty space to the right of the name of the folder that you want to share to select it. Click on “Invite to Folder” and type the email addresses of whom you want to invite.
This happens when two people edit the same file at the same time. You have to decide manually which files you want to keep.
In the left side bar, select Sharing > Options > Leave folder
You can, if you are the owner, in the left side bar under Sharing > Options. On the gear icon, click next to the name of the member that you want to be the new owner and click on “Make owner”
You can, if you are the owner. On the left side bar under Sharing > Options, go onto the gear icon, click next to the name of the person and click on “Kick Out”
When you are typing a message, just click on the paperclip icon and add the files.
Access the chat in the lower right-hand corner of the screen, click on the gear icon then click on “Turn off Chat”
Click on the gear icon on the chat side bar and uncheck “Chat Sounds”
In a chat, click on the action menu and select the icon “Add friends to chat” and type in the names of the friends that you want to add.
In a conversation, click on the Options menu (the Gear icon) and select “Leave conversation”
On the iChat menu, select Preferences > Accounts > Select Jabber and type in the username Name_on_Facebook@chat.facebook.com and the Facebook password. Click on the arrow next to “Server options” and verify that the “Automatically find server and port” box is checked.
Access the page and below the cover, move the mouse cursor over “Like”, then uncheck the box “Show in News Feed”
If you install the Dropbox application, you have direct access to your Dropbox through a folder on the hard drive of your computer.
Dropbox saves a history of all the previous versions of the files for 30 days. That allows you to recover a previous version of a file or a deleted file.
You can create a link by selecting the file and then “Share link” in the Dropbox menu. You will be able to send this link to anybody.
The size of a shared file occupies space from the limit of each member who shares it.
If you invite a friend to try Dropbox and he registers and installs the Dropbox desktop application in a computer and accesses his account through the application, both of you will earn 500 MB of bonus space.
You can only have one installation of Dropbox on the same computer, which can only be linked to a single account.
Access the Dropbox application to open the file, and click on “Open with”. Select the intended program to edit the file. Then, click on “Export” and select Dropbox.
On the main menu of the Dropbox application, or rather, with the option selected from the bottom left of the bar, click on the three dots on the top right of the screen and select “Upload” Then, just select the photos and click Upload on the top right.
If the “My Documents” [folder] is configured as private in the terms of restrictions (under the “Security” tab), it will not be visible to other users of the computer. This is valid for any items that are contained within.
Yes, by deleting the files from one side, they are deleted from the other.
You must put the image in the “Public” folder.
Open this link: www.dropbox.com/enable_public_folder and follow the instructions
All of the shared folders also occupy your [space] limit, because they are saved in the accounts of everyone who shares them. You can leave some shared folders to free up space.
Install the application Document To Go.
Gmail accounts have 25GB of space.
To configure Gmail for offline access, click on the gear icon in the upper right corner of your email window. Click on settings, open the offline guide and click Install Gmail Offline.
Select the message and on the ‘More’ list select Mark as Unread.
Click on the arrow on the lower left corner of the message that you are writing and select ‘Check Orthography’
Gmail does not accept file attachments that are executable files or are bigger than 25MB.
You can organize the emails using Labels. It is possible to add multiple markers to one message to categorize it in many ways.
It is possible to create up to 5000 different labels.
Yes, it is possible to apply any number of labels to a message.
By creating a new label, you may define it as a sub label of another label that is already in your account, by checking the box next to the option “Nest label under”
The messages will not be deleted.
Yes, the messages are removed after 30 days.
On Gmail’s trash bin, find the deleted message and on the drop-down menu Move on top of the Mail window, select Inbox.
Yes, the spam messages are removed after 30 days.
Yes, you have Office Mobile. On the app list click on the office icon to access the Office hub and start working on Microsoft Office documents.
Office Mobile possesses a smaller set of resources in comparison to Microsoft Office 2010 or later
Click on the protected document. On the Necessary Credentials message box, click Yes to use the specified user name and email account password.
You can copy the video link to this website: http://keepvid.com/ to load the video in to a folder in your computer.
Magnets do not damage the computer, but they wear out the screen colors. Avoid using magnetized equipment too close to monitors.
The environment in general must be ventilated, but it is not strictly necessary a large distance.
In most cases, it will continue to function as normal.
Turning on does not consume as much as staying on for hours. Shutting the pc down saves energy.
It is recommended to wait a few seconds before turning it back on, 10 seconds should be enough.
There is no problem in moving the computer while it is turned on.
It is recommended that you remove all power supply cables from all devices
The order is indifferent. Almost all current portable devices have short-circuit protection and are multi-voltage, enabling the connection to use between 90 and 240 volts.
If it overheats more than usual, its lifespan tends to decrease. So it is never a good idea to install the PC next to a window where the sun is shining.
What happens is the graphic card constantly refreshes the screen, and the more icons there are on the desktop, the slower it refreshes.
Check if the message is not in the ‘Other’ folder. On your facebook page, on the message screens click on ‘Other’ next to the Inbox.
4G designates a new generation of mobile cellphones. In general, 4G mobile networks reach speeds close to ADSL or cable connections.
To install Firefox add-ons it is necessary to enter the Mozilla add-ons website and select the add-ons.
Place the YouTube video link on this website, http://www.youtube-mp3.org/ , which converts videos into mp3 files.
On the Facebook News’ Feed page, click the gear symbol, and then Privacy Settings. On the new screen, click on Followers, on the page’s upper left corner. Then, uncheck the option “Active followers” which is in the Followers’ Settings section.
PhotoScape is easy to use. But for a more professional result we advise Adobe Photoshop.
Flickr is an image storage and sharing website. After following a quick registration process on the website, you can publish images stored in your PC, notebook, cellphone, tablet, etc.
He can see what you publish, but not in his timeline. He must search for your @username and go to your Instagram.
Yes, when downloading an application, that application may contain a virus.
To listen to it, you may have to configure the google account on that second device.
On ‘My Computer’ right button click over your portable device, then select Properties. Go to Preferences and select Better Performance.
Download this software, http://www.divx.com/en/software/divx, install it and try again.
If only the icons are bigger, you must select all icons, click and hold Ctrl then use the scroll wheel on the mouse to make the icons smaller.
You must go to this page, http://h10025.www1.hp.com/ewfrf/wc/softwareCategory?cc=pt&dlc=pt&lc=pt&product=297430&, and download it.
Office is paid software, if you bought it, a validation key should be visible on the [cd]box. If you didn’t buy or install the software, you may be able to obtain a 1 month demo at the following link: http://office.microsoft.com/pt-pt/versao-de-avaliacao-gratuita-experimente-o-microsoft-office-2013-e-o-office-365-FX102858196.aspx?WT%2Eintid1=ODC_PTPT_FX010048782_XT103927624
Try to verify if you have this file on your computer: C:\Program Files (x86)\ASUSATK PackageATK\HotkeyHControl.exe. To do this, open a window, for example, ‘My Documents’ and paste this address directly.
It may be possible to retrieve them. You can check if the software of this link does it.: http://www.total-data-recovery.com/
The best way would be to create multiple user accounts, that way only each user has access to their respective folders.
Attempt to download DirectX here: http://www.microsoft.com/download/en/details.aspx?displayLang=en&id=35 , and in the case where it is already installed, remove it and install again.
Download this upgrade: http://www.adobe.com/support/downloads/thankyou.jsp?ftpID=4682&fileID=4362
Download the software at this address: http://www.avast.com/pt-pt/index
Perform all Windows updates. That problem was fixed in Vista’s SP1 update.
On the keyboard, press the Windows and the R key at the same time. Then type dxdiag.
You are probably installing a version incompatible with the Operating System on your computer. Attempt to install the 32 bit version.
You must download this utility: http://www.avg.com/us-en/utilities, run it and then install Kaspersky.
Remove the antivirus with its uninstaller and then install a free one or buy the license for a paid antivirus.
You must download this software: http://www.win-rar.com/predownload.html?&no_cache=1&L=0. Install and try again.
If your hard drive has two USB outputs, try to connect it to both.
Try to download this software http://www.petges.lu/download/ac.exe
In the Start Menu, type: Power Options in the search window. Next, in the window that will appear, select: Balanced>Change plan settings. In ``Turn off the display``, select ``never``.
In Windows Mail select Tools>Accounts>Add and fill in the form with your e-mail account details.
Go to Tools> Options, select the Security Tab, then uncheck the options that don´t let you save and open attachments that can contain viruses.
Go to Tools>Options>Mail. Next, in the Orthography Tab, define the spell-checker language.
Go to Tools> Options> Mail. Next, in the General Tab click on Default button.
There may be a problem of indexing. Try to download this application: http://go.microsoft.com/?linkid=9740819
You should access the account that has been blocked and end the session. Next, go to https://outlook.com and follow the instructions on the page.
Go to Control Panel>Power, select Power Saver and decrease the screen brightness to a comfortable level.
Yes, you can. Music Box is available for Mac on this website http://musicbox.sapo.pt/download
Go to Definitions>Social>Facebook, click on Connect and authenticate yourself using your Facebook Account access details.
In Picasa, click the Import button and select the sorce and the destination folder of the pictures.
In Picasa go to the Library then double click on the video that is to be sent. Next click the Upload to YouTube button. Next click the link Change User to sign into YouTube. Click on Upload Video.
Click the View Menu and select Timeline.
Select the pictures that you want to put in the album. At the bottom you should see a book symbol. Click this icon and select New Album.
You will have to select the photos and drag and drop them into the desired folder.
Right click the folder and select hide.
Go to Tools>Options and in file types uncheck the .psd files.
Go to Tools>Options and in the General tab, set the language. Close Picasa and open in it again.
Tick the pictures that you want to highlight. At the bottom of the software, you should see a strar shaped ,click on it.
Go to Help (Windows) or Picasa (Mac) and select About Picasa.
Open the Finder. In Applications Folder drag and drop the Picasa application into the Trash.
Update Media Player using this link http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/windows-media-player
Go to Tools> Task Manager and check which tabs are using more processor time and memory. If you don´t need them, close them.
You probably have Adware/Malware on your computer. Go to Control Panel> Remove Programs and delete all toolbars. Read some suggestions on what to do here: http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!category-topic/chrome-pt/wPyKvQfQGfQ
It’s probably due to a bug, try to upgrade your software to the most recent version.
In the Google Chrome Toolbar type: chrome://settings/startup and delete Bing.
This means that the open page is emitting sound.
Try to access this directory C:Users\%username%\AppData\Local\GoogleChrome\User \DataDefault, find the bokkmarks.bak file and rename it to bookmarks.
Click Ctrl and P simultaneously.
In Tools>Options click Advanced Settings. In the Languages section click Languages and Input Settings and select Portuguese.
Try to install: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/adblock/gighmmpiobklfepjocnamgkkbiglidom
Press the Ctrl and H keys on the keyboard [simultaneously].
Chrome’s date is based on the computer´s date. If the computer´s date was wrong when Google history data was being collected the history register is also wrong.
Login to Gmail. Next Click the gear and then Settings. In Forwarding and POP/IMAP tab click Add a Forwarding Address.
Each e-mail line has a box on the left. Tick the boxes of e-mails that you want to delete. A trash icon will appear on the top. Click it.
Make sure that they are not in the Promotions Tab in the top part of Gmail.
In Gmail click the gear, then on Settings. In the General tab click on Language and select Portuguese.
In Gmail click the Settings gear then Settings. In the General tab change the numbers in the fields next to Maximum Page Size.
In Gmail click the gear then Settings, in the General Tab change the Default Text Styling Information
Webmail is a website where you can view your e-mails from any computer with Internet access, anywhere in the world.
You can access ZON webmail from this address: webmail.zonmail.pt.
The details needed are: POP: pop.netcabo.pt. SMTP: smtpa.netcabo.pt POP SSL obligatory: Yes, through the 995 SMTP port, Authenticated: Yes, using the same POP credentials; Username: Your zonmail address, for example: osemailonmail.pt; Password: the one entered at the time of creation of the email
You will have to login, using your login details, to http://webmail.zonmail.pt and select the gear in the right part of the screen, close to your first and second name. Select the More Settings Option. Below the option that blocks incoming spam, you should find the option“safe senders and blocked senders”. Click Safe Senders and within the field, on the left hand side, type in the e-mail address of the secure sender that you want to add to the secure senders list. Then click the Add button.
In Webmail, throughhttps://webmail.zonmail.pt, click the link Options>More Options and click the Mail Forwarding option.
You will have to download and install this software: http://winscp.net/eng/download.php#download2 . Next, enter your details, username, password and server address. Then you just need to drag and drop the files from one side to the other.
To connect via ssh, download and run this software: http://the.earth.li/~sgtatham/putty/latest/x86/putty.exe, then enter your server address, username and password.
You can access a web site through https, if it has this technology. Try to access the site through the page
Google DNS addresses are 8.8.8.8 or 8.8.4.4
Select the fragment that you want to copy, right click on the selected text and select the copy option. Next, right click where you want to paste the text and select the paste option.
Go to File>Accounts and in the General Tab choose the theme.
Go to File>Options>E-mail>Paper and Fonts. On the Personal Letter Paper click the theme.
In About Accounts, click on Automatic >Replies>send automatic replies.
In a new e-mail message, click Illustrations> Images> Images Online> Forms> SmartArt> Graphic or Snapshot.
In a new email message, click Symbols > Symbol.
Click on Options > Calendar. In Calendar Options, click on Holidays.
From the calendar’s exhibition mode, in the group Sharing, click on Send Calendar via Email > Share Calendar.
Click on File > Options > Email. On Write Messages, click on Signatures. On the Email Signature Tab, click on New and type a name for the signature. In the Edit Signature box, type the text you want to include in the signature and use the internal tools to format it.
Click on File > Options > Email. On Write Messages, click on Signatures. In Choose the default Signature, select a signature to add to New Messages. If you wish, select a different signature for Answers/Forwards. To manually add a signature to a new email, on the Message tab, in the group Include, click on Signature, then click on the signature you want.
After typing in what you want to look for, at the end, add filetype:pdf
Click on Home > Automatic Sum, or press ALT + =.
Click on Home > Arrow next to General.
Click on File > Print. On top of the Print page, next to the Print button, you will find a box named Copies with arrows pointing up and down to choose the intended number of copies. Select a number (Typing it in directly or using the arrows), select a printer, change or keep the remaining settings and click on Print.
Click on the location where you want to insert the index, normally at the beginning of the document. Click on References > Index, then select Automatic Index from the Style Gallery.
Click on Insert > Table > Insert Table. Define the number of rows and columns.
On the message list, click on the conversation or any message in a conversation that you want to ignore. Click on Home. On the group Delete, click Ignore. Click Ignore Conversation.
Click on Home > New email.
Create a message, or in a preexisting message, click on Answer, Answer All or Forward. On the message window, click on Message > Attach File.
Click on the attachment on the Reading Panel or in the open message. On the Attachments tab, in the group Actions, click on Save As. You can also right click with the mouse on the attachment, then click on Save As.
Click on Home > New Appointment.
Click on the keys Ctrl+ Shift+Q.
You must go to Home > Cells
Clear the RAM. Then in Settings, click on Applications then stop every running application, except the ones being used.
A graphic card driver could be missing or your monitor does not support high resolutions.
You can use Camtasia Studio, preferably Camtasia Studio 8.
Whatsapp is a cellphone application used for free communication between friends.
You can download it from your cellphone on the website www.watsapp.com. You may also download it from the associated store to your cellphone’s operating system.
When you format a computer, all the data are erased. It is required to store the data in an external hard drive.
It is an operating system like Windows. The difference is that it is for free. There are many distributions, Ubuntu being the most complete.
Windows 8 is programmed to be lighter, so your computer should become faster.
Virtual DJ is the best free music editing and mixing program, easy to use.
Yes, just enter the address of the mobile version of the site in your browser.
There is no problem in having more than one CD/DVD recording programs in the same computer.
You can download DirectX from Microsoft’s website: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=11448
You can use the program Format Factory.
The pixel shader is a setting of the hardware of the graphic card, so it cannot be changed by a program.
In Account Settings, click on Blocking (in the column to the left) and Edit List. People you have blocked will appear, click on the person’s photo to unblock him/her.
In Account Settings, click on Blocking (in the column to the left) and enter the name or email you want to block.
In Account Settings, click on Blocking (on the column to the left) and in Block applications, enter the name of the application you want to block.
You can block invites you received from a certain person. On account settings, click on Blocking (on the column to the left) and in the Block Event Invitations, enter the person’s name.
It’s a graphical user interface and a desktop environment for Linux.
You can use GIMP and choose the preferred language.
You probably tried to access your account from a different location or browser that is unusual. So Facebook blocks the account for security reasons. A message will be sent, with the procedures to retrieve the account to your registered email used when you signed up to Facebook. Just type in the code sent to your registered cellphone number in Facebook.
Try to use the program IrfanView.
USB cables are standardized and work with all equipment.
The drivers are available for free download on the manufacturer’s (HP) website for Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 in both 32 and 64 bits.
Go to the manufacturer’s website and download the proper driver version for your operating system.
Take the phone to a technical assistance centre to check the sensor that indicates this problem
Check if the cartridges are appropriate for your equipment. Check if you removed every protective strips or packaging .Try to remove them and insert them again.
Yes, that won’t be a problem. Only change the empty cartridge.
If it is recycled (recharged) cartridge, especially from HP, that problem may occur. Many HP models only recognize original cartridges.
Add-ons are small pieces of software that add new functions to Firefox. You can customize Firefox according to your needs and tastes.
Add-ons marked with ‘No need to restart’ can be installed without needing to restart Firefox. Others require restarting before usage.
Add-ons are automatically verified for updates which are installed automatically by default.
Most add-ons don’t decrease Firefox’s performance, however installing too many can have adverse effects.
It is not recommended to skip compatibility recommendations, because they can lead to the browser’s instability and in some cases, data loss.
Click in tools > Account Settings > Account Actions > New Email Account. Fill the empty fields. Your name: type your name. Email address: your complete email. Password: email password. Then, click on Continue.
Access Tools > Clear Browsing data, select the items you want to delete and click on Clean Browsing Data.
Access your Favorites by clicking on Favorites.
In Settings, in the Default Browser tab, click on the button Set Google Chrome as the default browser.
Go to Chrome > Settings > Appearance and Select the "Show Home button" checkbox .Click on Change and type in the address of the page you want to use as the initial page.
Go to Settings > View Advanced Settings. In the privacy Section, click on Content Settings to change the cookies’ settings.
Access the Theme Gallery (https://chrome.google.com/webstore?category=theme). Click on a theme to preview it. If you like the theme, click on Select Theme to apply it.
In anonymous browsing mode, the browsing history, the download history and the cookies are not saved when Chrome is closed.
Among the best browsers, there is Firefox and Chrome. Both allow synchronization with your computer.
Access Firefox on your cellphone and in Settings, click on Synchronize. A code will be displayed. Now access Firefox on your computer and in Settings, click on Synchronize > Add a Device and enter the code that appears on your cellphone.
System Recovery is a Windows resource with which the computer returns to a state (time and date) in the past. It is useful when programs the user has installed compromise the system functioning and the user wants the computer back to a state prior the installation.
It is an application that aims to improve the speed at which the computer reads partitions of fragmented files . It looks at all the hard drive for files that are fragmented (in pieces) and unites them again making its reading easier and quicker.
Fragmentation occurs when hard drive files are not periodically modified, leading to a storage in fragments and making its reading and writing a lot slower.
On Settings > Options > advanced, click on the Settings Editor. Filter the preferences by mail.content_disposition_type. Double click over the found result, and change the preference value to 1.
While writing the message, click on Insert > Image. In Location, enter the image location address. Unmask the ‘Attach this image to the message’ option and select ‘Don’t use the alternative text’, and then OK.
Click on the Menu icon on the upper right corner of the Facebook application. Click on the chat icon. Slide your finger on any of the highlighted conversations. Click on the red ‘Exclude’ button to close the Facebook conversation.
Google+, Skype, Fring, Qik Video.
Face Time is an Apple application that lets you make video calls between iPhone, iPad and Mac.
In order to transfer music to your iPod, connect the device via USB cable and enable automatic synchronization in your iTunes Library.
Viral videos are short clips spread in the internet through specialized video websites like YouTube. They become extremely popular and gain large scale visibility.
Connect your iPod to your computer with a USB cable. Open iTunes and go to Summary in the upper part of the window. Click Restore and, when asked, select Restore and Update option. iTunes will start to format your iPod. It will subsequently search for the iPod software update and will install it on the device.
Tap and hold one of the icons until it starts shaking. Drag the icon and drop it onto another. A new folder including both applications will appear. Such folders are named automatically. The folder names are based on AppStore categories, but you can rename them.
It is a USB cable which port is smaller than in a standard USB connector. It is a standard connector between small devices. A mini USB transfer speed can reach a rate of 800Mb/s.
It is a USB cable which port is smaller than that of a standard USB and a mini USB connector, allowing connections between small devices.
The class refers to the minimum transfer rate speed of the card. In general, the higher the class, the faster data transfer.
Check if there is a SDHC logo in the front part of the memory card. If it is this kind of card, the letters HC should be below the SD letters.
Insert the micro SDHC card into the appropriate slot of the computer. Go to control panel>System and Security>Administrative Tools and then double click Computer Management. Click Disk Management in the left panel and double click the micro SCHC card icon. Next, right-click on an unallocated region of the micro card. Click New Simple Volume. Click Next to continue in the New Simple Volume wizard. Type in the size you want the partition to have or choose the default size. Click Next. Select a letter to designate your new partition and click Next. When the Format Box appears, it will be possible to format a new partition, if needed. Click Finish to close the program.
In the Main Menu, go to Settings>System Settings>System Information in order to view the Console Hard Disk properties. First you will see the used space and then the total hard drive capacity.
Click the Start Menu. Right-click My Computer and Properties. Find the Installed Memory (RAM) and check its amount, which is expressed in gigabytes.
Go to Start Menu> All Programs>Accessories>Systems Tools and select System Information. Double click Hardware Resources Menu, on the left side of the window. Click the Memory tab to view all the information about the RAM currently installed.
Click the Apple icon in the upper left corner of the notebook screen and select About this Mac>More information. In the window that will appear expand the category titled Hardware. Click Memory option to view all the information about the RAM memory installed.
Memory density is the measure of a chip´s width versus its depth. When the information is included on a memory module it appears as DxEW-S. These markings are read as Depth by Width - Speed. The depth is measured in megabytes and the width is a speed expressed in nanoseconds.
It is a memory where the chip´s depth is smaller that it´s width. For example, a 1-gigabyte low density memory module has 16 chips that measure 64Mx8.
High density memory is configured with a high depth and a very narrow width. For example, a typical 1-gigabyte high density memory module has 16 chips that measure 128Mx4
Go to Start Menu> Control panel, in the search field in the upper right corner type: System. Click on: System. Read the number listed next to RAM. If the number is 16 it is a high density memory. If the number is 8 the memory density is low.
Go to Start > Control Panel>System and Security ,click on power options and next select the power option for the lid. In the option called: ``when I close the lid``, choose hibernate from the drop down menu finish by clicking: Save changes
Go to the Twitter Page of a user that you want to block and click on the gear below the user´s name and picture. Select Block from the options list.
In the twitter page of the user you suspected has bloked you click the Follow button. If nothing appears and the button Follow is green and the subtitle says ``following``, the user has not blocked you.
Changing your Twitter username does not affect your followers.
In your account click on Settings in the list from the drop down menu on the top right corner. Change your username in the box Username and click Save changes to confirm your choice.
In your account click on Profile. On your browser addresses bar there will be your Twitter URL:
Yes, you can. Just press Enter.
Each hashtag is a unique word or a phrase without spaces, preceded by # (without brackets), like #sport, for example. It is a way of organizing chats, classifying or adding context[s] to a tweet.
There are a lot of on-line services like the Bit.Iy or Tiny URL, for example. You just need to paste the link in the text box in one of these websites.
Go to your Twitter account. Click your username icon in the top right corner of the page. Select Settings. At the bottom of the page click: Deactivate my Account.
In the Main Menu go to Find People>Find Friends. Login to your e-mail account, entering your username and the password. Select: find friends. The search engine will look in your contact list looking for any twitter user that is already a contact of yours.
In your Twitter account main menu, select Find People; in Options, there is an option for searching by e-mail. If your friend´s e-mail address is associated to his Twitter Profile, he will appear in the search results.
Access your Twitter account. Click on the icon of your username in the top right corner of the page. Select the option Settings > Tweet Privacy and click the box "Protect my Tweets."
Copy the intended symbol. In your Twitter account, click on your name, in the upper right corner, and in Settings > Profile. Click inside the Name box, where you would like for the symbol to appear and paste the symbol. Click "Save".
In your Twitter account, click on "Retweets" to see your retwitted Tweets. Click on the link "Retweeted by You" to see the Tweets that you retweeted. Click on the retweet that you want to eliminate and click on "Undo".
In the Profile Page of your Facebook account, click on "About". On the left side of the page, click on "Work and Education." Delete the educational and employment information by clicking on "Edit".
In the Profile page of your Facebook account, click on the gear icon and then "Privacy" Edit the box "Who can see my stuff".
Thunderbird does not have an included calendar,. You must add it as an add-on. In Tools > Add-ons > Get Add-ons, type Lightning, and install the add-on that will create a calendar in Thunderbird.
You must go to the official Thunderbird page, find the installation file in the desired language, and install the program again.
It is a small program written in the Java programming language to put into a Web page.
File Allocation Table. A table, recorded on the hard drive, indicates which sectors are available and which have file data.
Go to Settings > About the Phone to find the desired information.
In Applications, go to Widgets and look for the "Shortcut to Settings" widget. Drag this widget to the main screen. This will show the Configuration screen of the Widget. Select "Notifications". An icon will be created in the work area, and it will give you access to the notification history.
Go to the Home tab and there is a letter B. Click it.
Select the word, and then go to the Home Page tab. There is a letter U with an underline. Click on it.
Select the word that you want to put in italics, then go to the Home tab, where there is a letter I. Click on it.
You will need to go to the Home tab and there will be a symbol in the shape of a bucket. Click on the small arrow to the right of this icon and select the desired color.
Try to use the following combination: Ctrl + Z
On the Home tab, there is a letter A with a bar underneath. Click the arrow which is on the right side, and then select the color. Highlight the word and click on the A.
Go to the Home tab, then look for an icon that has a set of four dashes. Click the one in the middle.
In the Insert tab, click on hyperlink and insert the link.
They are under the Insert tab.
In the Page Layout separator, click on the icon that says "Background image"
In the Review tab, click on the icon "Protect template".
In the View tab, click the icon with the magnifying glass and select 100%.
In the Page Layout tab, click on the icon that says, "Orientation".
In the Page Layout tab, click where it says "Breaks"
In Word, go to the Home tab. There you will see a button with two arrows, one pointing up and the other pointing down next to four lines. Click on this icon.
In Word, go to the home tab. There you will see an icon with three balls and three dashes in front. Click on this icon.
To to the Insert tab, and then click where it says "Header."
In word, go to the Insert tab. Then click where it says "Footer."
You will have to go to the Insert tab, and then click where it says "Page number."
The version of GingerBread is Android 2.3.6.
There are adapters of this kind, but the quality will never be the same as HDMI.
Go to the Insert tab and click where it says "Time and Date."
In the Design tab, you have at your disposal a group of tools that you can use.
You will have to go to the Design tab and then click where it says, "Page color." Click the color that best suits you.
Yes, you will have to go to the Design tab and then go to "Fonts".
In the Page Layout tab, click where it says "Size".
In the Page Layout tab, click where it says orientation.
Go to the References tab and then click where it says, "Insert footnote."
In the Review tab, click on the Word Count icon.
In the review tab, click where it says "Language", and then "Set Proofing Language"… select Portuguese.
In the View tab, click on the box that says "Ruler"
In the Page Layout tab, click where it says breaks.
You will have to go to the Insert tab and then it has an icon that says "WordArt."
Click on one of the tabs, for example Insert, and then in the bottom right corner, in the menu that you opened, there is an icon with the form of a pin. Click there.
In the Home tab, click where it says "New Slide".
Right click on the first slide (The white part) which is to the left, and select "Create Selection".
You will have to go to the Home tab, click where it says layout, and select what best adapts to what you want.
In the Home tab, click where it says "AV"
You will have to go to the Transitions tab where you will see various kinds of animations available.
Yes, you will have to go to the Transitions tab and click where it says, "Sound."
In the Transitions menu, increase the field that says, "Duration".
Select the slide that you want, then go to the Transitions tab. Check if the option " on mouse click" is activated
In the Animations tab, you have a wide selection of effects that you can choose.
You will have to create an animation in the text, and then in the Animation tab, click where it says, "Trigger"
Press the F5 key or go to the Slide Show tab and click where it says, "Start."
Click on the Shift key plus F5, or go to the Slide Show tab and click where it says "Current Slide."
Yes, go to the Slide Show tab and there, click where it says "Rehearse Timing".
Yes, it is possible. Go to the Slide Show tab and choose to record narration.
On the keyboard, click the F7 key.
You will need to go to the File tab and then in general you have a field saying, "Username". Write there the name that you want to appear.
Try to go to the Home tab, then where it says Quick Styles, you will also be able to access Design, and select a premade background.
Go to File menu > Assistants, then choose from the card templates.
Yes, go to the File menu, and then click"Export as a PDF…"
In the Edit menu, click in Find and Replace, type in the word that you want to substitute and below, the new word, then click on "Replace All".
In the Insert menu, select "Manual break"
In the Insert menu, select "Header".
In the Insert menu, select "Footer".
Position the cursor in the location where you want to insert the comment, then in the Insert menu, select "Comment."
