In the Insert menu, select Table.
In the Insert menu, select Picture.
Click on the part of the document where you want the chart and then in the Insert menu choose Object and click where it says graph.
Click the right mouse button on the chart and then go to Chart Data Table ...
Go to Tools> Language> For all text and choose the language you want.
Yes, go to Tools> Word Count.
In the taskbar there is an icon shaped like binoculars, click and type in what you want to search.
Yes, you have to go to Format>Uppercase / Lowercase and select lowercase.
Select the cells you want to format, then click the right mouse button on one that is selected and choose Format Cells.
There are two ways to send files to Google Drive, with the application (Https://tools.google.com/dlpage/drive), or through the website (https://drive.google.com/).
If you have already accepted the file, go to the page https://drive.google.com and make sure that the file appears in the tab Shared with Me.
In the list of files, you have the icon shaped like a star. Click on it. Then in the main menu there is a tab that says, "Starred"
In the Google Drive site (https://drive.google.com) go to the tab Recent.
Try to check on the website (https://drive.google.com) if it is in the Bin tab.
On the calendar page, there are a few buttons that say, Day, Week, Month, 4 days and Agenda. Click on one of them, depending on the time range you wish view. Open Network Broadcast, and enter the address.
Yes, when creating the calendar, you have the option that says, "Edit event." There you will be able to choose a color where it says, "Event Color"
You will have go to the menu Media> Open File
Yes it is possible, but the radio must have streaming by mms. You can see some examples here (Http://pukka131dicas.wordpress.com/2009/06/01/url-de-radios/). You just need to go to Media>
You can double click on the movie screen, or go to Video> Full Screen
Go to Video>Always on Top and remove the check mark.
In Video> Aspect Ratio, select the option that best fits your requirements.
Try to check if the sound in the lower right corner is 100, also check that in the menu Audio> Audio Track, the audio of the video is selected.
In Audio> Audio Device select the phones.
In the menu Subtitle> Add Subtitle File, browse to the file location.
In Tools> Preferences, in the Audio tab, select the option Always reset audio start level to: and put the audio on maximum.
Select the folder with the right mouse button and choose add to archive
If you have WinRAR installed, press the right mouse button on the file and then select Extract here ...
In File> Open... select the file you want to open.
You have to go to File> Save or Save as ....
Yes it is possible. Go to the menu Edit> Comment/Uncomment then block comment.
Yes you can use it with the Ctrl + Space, or through the menu: Edit> Auto-completion.
Press the keys Ctrl + F.
You will have to go to the menu View> Always on Top .
Try pressing the F11 key.
You can view this information by going to View> Summary ...
Try going to Encoding and choose one that has UTF8.
Yes you can. You have to go to the Language menu and there choose the language in which you are programming.
Yes, in Settings> Preferences ... in the Auto-Completion tab enable the option Enable auto completion on each input.
You will need to go to the menu Settings> Shortcut Mapper...
Click the icon in the form of a gear, which is on the right of the screen  and then select Profile settings, then click where it says Add New
In Notepad ++, there is an icon in the shape of a folder with a chain-link. Click it.
You can download it at this site http://Notepad-plus-plus.org/
RSS is a technology that allows you to add information from different sources, for example if newspapers make available RSS, you can receive the latest news in your aggregator
Download the Feed Notifier (http://www.feednotifier.com/).
Click the right mouse button on the program icon in the lower right corner, and select Add Feed... then entering the URL of the feed.
In YouTube, perform a search and then click the button that says Filters, and select from the options: Last Time, Today, This Week, This Month, This year.
Perform a search, and then click the button that says Filters and then select the Channel option.
Perform a search, and then press the button that says Filters and select the option Long (approx. 20 minutes)
Perform a search and then press the button that says Filters. There select HD (high definition).
Perform a search and then press the button that says Filters, select Views.
The left side has a tab that says, my subscriptions... click and go to the subscription you want to cancel. Click the arrow next to the subscription and select Unsubscribe ....
Sign into the YouTube account. On the right, click on social networks, then next to the Facebook icon there is a button saying Connect.
Try checking the browser history. If you keep yourself logged into YouTube, you can click on the left tab where it says History.
On the top left menu in YouTube there is a Watch Later tab; click on it.
On the top left menu, thare is a tab saying Manage Subscriptions.
Click on the arrow next to your profile picture, and choose https://www.youtube.com/account; then select
Go to the menu File > Load Subtitles...
Go to the menu File > Open File...
Go to the menu File > Properties, then go to the Media Info tab.
Press the Alt key on your keyboard.
In the Play menu, select back to normal speed.
Click on the Directions tab, then click on the point in the map you want to use as starting point, and finally click on the point in the map you want to use as destination.
Yes, after doing the search, at the top left of Google Maps there is an icon with a bus, click on it.
At the bottom right of the screen has a yellow “snowman”; drag it to the street that you want to see.
Click on the maps search box, at bottom a menu will appear, then click Traffic.
Beside your profile picture, there is a right arrow. Click it and select Disable sounds option.
Beside your profile picture, there is a down arrow; click on it and select Change profile picture.
Beside your profile picture there is a down arrow; click on it and select the option Logout Hangout.
Beside your profile picture there is a down arrow; click on it and select the option Blocked Persons.
Click on the person you want to block, the chat window will open and in this window click on the wheel icon; then select the Block option.
Click on the person you want to save the conversation; then click on the wheel icon that appears in the chat window; then select the Save option.
Click on the person you want to clear history register; then click on the wheel icon that appears in the chat window; then select the Delete option.
Yes, it is possible. Click on the Search tools tab, then go to Size and select Exactly...
Yes, it is possible. When you do your search, click on the Search tools tab, then go to Size and select Icon.
Yes, it is possible. Do your search and go to the Search tools tab, in the Color tab and select Black and white.
Yes, it is possible. After doing your search, select Search tools , then click where it says Type and select Face.
Yes, it is possible. After doing your search, click where it says Search tools > Time and choose what suits you best.
The Safe Search, if enabled, prevents the appearance of pornographic and violent content.
Go to the menu File > New...
Go to the menu File > Open..., and then browse the directory.
Go to the menu File > Save as..., and in Save as type, select jpeg.
Right-click with the mouse on the element that is selected, then choose the Deselect option.
Press the keys Ctrl Z.
Go to the menu Edit > Keyboard Shortcuts…, or to Menus...
The simplest way is to press Ctrl T, and then click one of the corners of the element and rotate it with the mouse.
Right-click with the mouse on the twelfth icon at the left side; several options will appear, one of them is the bucket.
Press and hold the Alt key and then click the color you want to duplicate.
On the right hand side there are the layers. You can drag each layer up or down.
At the right side there are the layers. Select all the layers that make up the assembly, right-click with the mouse and select the Merge Layers… option.
Go to menu Layer > New > Layer...
Select the layer you want to change the name and go to the menu Layer > Layer Rename...
Try going to the menu Image and try the Auto Tone, Auto Contrast or Auto Color.
Yes you can double-click on the layer you want to define the contours and go to the Contour option.
Double-click on the layer that contains the item you want to add the shadow, and then use the Shadow options.
You have to use the key combination Ctrl Alt Z.
In the lower left corner there is a square with the color that it is being used. Click on this square and select the color you want.
Press the Alt key and then rotate the mouse wheel.
On the left side there is a T-shaped icon. Click it and then the element where you want to add text.
On the left side there is a drop-shaped icon (thirteenth icon). Click it, then press and move the mouse on the license plate.
In the menu Filter > Gallery select the filter that suits you.
Go to the menu Windows > Layers or press the F7 key.
Go to the menu Windows > Tools.
Go to the menu Help> About Photoshop...
Go to the menu Help> Updates...
No, Photoshop does not allow vectors
It is a program for editing images.
Go to the menu Windows> Arrange or Workspace.
Select the image and then adjust with the arrow keys.
First you will have to click where it says Draw Text Box, which is in the Home menu, insert the text box into the document, and then you will be able to write the text.
Click on the text box, then on the Format tab. Select the border you want.
Go to the View menu and select the Limits option.
Go to the menu Insert> Picture
On the Insert tab, click where it says Table.
In the Page Design tab, click the option Orientation.
Go to the Page Design tab and in the Size option, select A3.
It is a program developed by Microsoft that allows the creation of text and graphics, for use in web pages, business cards, flyers, etc ...
Yes it is possible. Go to the Page Design tab and click where it says fonts.
In the Page Design tab go to Background and choose one.
Go to the View tab, and next to a magnifying glass there is a box where you can set the desired zoom.
Try going to the View tab and removing the check mark where it says, "Base lines."
Go to the Insert tab and there, choose the option Header.
Go to the Insert menu and then choose footer.
Go to the File tab, choose the option export, and then click where it says Publish as HTML.
Go to File, then click Print.
Go to File> New.
Yes you can by going to the page http://instagram.com/
You can click on the photo, and then on the heart beneath the photo.
Yes, it is possible through the site https://play.google.com/store?hl=pt_PT
After logging into Google+ will have to go to the more tab and there you have a separator that says Stream Scheme.
Click the tab that says All, which is at the top of the page.
The right side has a button that says, "Start session." Click on this button.
Click the button below the Google+ logo, and select the Profile option.
Click the button that is underneath the logo of Google+ and select the option Profile. Go to the Photos tab and there click the button that says, "Add Photos."
When you do a search on Google or YouTube, you have the possibility of highlighting these pages, as shown in this tab.
Click beneath the Google+ logo and choose the option People, and there you can see Google's suggestions among other options.
Click the button below the Google+ logo, and choose People. In the new window that appeared, select the Gmail Contacts option.
Click the button below the Google+ logo, and choose the option People. In the new tab that appears at the top, select My circles.
Click the button below the Google+ logo, and choose People. In the new tab that appears at the top, select My circles. Then, click on Actions and select the option to see blocked people.
Click the button below the Google+ logo, and select the option People, In the new tab that appears at the top, select My Circles. Then click Actions and select the option View Blocked Persons. In the new window, click where it says Unblock.
Click the button below the Google+ logo, and select the option People. In the new tab that appears at the top, select My Circles. Then click on the person you want to remove, click on Actions and select the Remove option.
Yes it is possible, simply by dragging the profile of the person concerned to the various circles.
Click the button below the Google+ logo, and select the option Events.
Click the button below the Google+ logo and select the option Pages,
Click the button below the Google+ logo and select the option Settings. On the new page there is a tab that says Receive notifications. Select the area in which you want to reduce the notifications.
Click the button below the Google+ logo and select the option Settings, and remove the option Show Google Drive pictures and videos in your photo library.
Click the button under the Google+ logo, select the option Settings, and then click on the option delete your entire Google profile.
Google+ is a social network, like the well-known Facebook.
Click the button below the Google+ logo, click the option Settings, and change the settings Who can comment on your public posts?
Click on the button beneath the Google+ logo, select the option Settings, and change where it says, "Who can send you notifications?"
Go to the Account tab and then click where it says Edit Profile.
Click the tab that says, "Account," then press where it says followers.
Go to the Account tab then click where it says Following.
On the Account tab, click the Following tab, and the people you are following will appear. Click the blue button that says, "Following."
Click the gear at the top of the page and select the option Settings. On the new page that appears, click on the tab that says "Email notifications."
Click on the gear and select the option Configure. On the new page select the Password tab, then enter the old and new password.
Click on the gear and select the option Settings. On the new page click the Appearance tab.
Write where it says, "Publish a new Tweet" or click the blue icon shaped like a pen which is in the upper right corner of the screen.
In the main panel of Panda click where it says, "antivirus," and then click the button that says, "off."
In the main panel of Panda click where it says, "Antivirus," then deactivate the option Email.
In the main panel of Panda click where it says, "Antivirus," then disable the option Instant Messaging.
In the main panel of Panda click where it says, "Antivirus," then select the Parental Control sub menu. Then, click on the central button that says, "ON."
In the main panel of Panda, click where it says, "Analyze," then select the option Full Scan.
In the main panel of the antivirus, click where it says, "analyze," then select the option Detect Vulnerabilities.
In the main panel of the antivirus, click on Reports and Quarantine, and then select the “Show Stats” option.
In the main panel of Panda, click on “Reports and Quarantine”, and then select the “Quarantine” option at the right side.
In the main panel of the antivirus, click where it says “Analyze”, then click on the button saying “Settings” which is in the upper right corner. Go to the “Actions” tab and change the select box for: “Ask for action to be performed”.
Yes, but this option must be enabled. Click on “Analyze”, and then “Settings”, then “Analyze”, and select the option “Mail Files (PST)”.
In the upper right corner of the Panda panel there is an icon in the form of three horizontal lines; click on it and select” License”.
In the upper right corner of the Panda panel there is an icon in the form of three horizontal lines; click on it and select “Update”.
Yes, in the upper right corner of the Panda panel there is an icon in the form of three horizontal lines; click on it and select “ Preferences”, then tick the “Enable control CPU” option.
In the upper right corner of the Panda panel there is an icon in the form of three horizontal lines; click on it and select “About Panda”.
In the upper right corner of the Panda panel there is an icon in the form of three horizontal lines; click on it and select “Language”.
In the upper right corner of the Panda panel there is an icon in the form of three horizontal lines; click on it and select “Virus Encyclopedia”. Then search for the name of the virus found.
Panda is an antivirus.
In the upper right corner of the Panda panel there is an icon in the form of three horizontal lines. Click on “License > Data License”; then click on “Refresh Data”. In a few seconds a window appears telling you whether the product has been activated.
The ideal is to perform it daily.
In the notification area of Windows there is the Panda icon; right-click with the mouse and select the “Gaming/Multimedia mode enable” option.
Select the files or folders you want to analyze. Right-click with the mouse the selected files or folders (pop-up menu). Select “Scan with Panda antivirus Internet Security 2014”.
Click on “Anti-spam” in the main program window. Make sure that “Anti-spam” option on the left side of the window is activated. To enable anti-spam protection, place the control in the “ON” position. To disable, set it to “OFF”.
This feature prevents viruses from running and exploring the Windows Automatic Execution functionality that allows automatic play of media files on removable drives (CD, DVD or USB), when they are connected to the computer.
In the main panel of the antivirus, the right side has an up arrow; click on it and select “Parental Control”.
In the main panel of the antivirus, the right side has an up arrow; click on it and select “Parental Control”; then drag the button to the right.
In the main panel of the antivirus, click on the right arrow that is pointing up and select “Quarantine”.
In the Kaspersky main panel, click on the arrow that is pointing up and select the “Application Control” option. Then click on “Manage Applications”. In the application you want to unlock, click on the red part of the right button.
It is a service, available from the security tool, which verifies the integrity of banking pages being accessed, without storing personal data.
In the main panel of Kaspersky, click on “Reports”.
In the Kaspersky main panel, click on “Scan” and “Run Scan”.
In the Kaspersky main panel, click on the arrow at the right, then click on “Tools”. Click run where it says vulnerabilities.
In the Kaspersky main panel, click on “Settings > Protection Center”, and then click “Firewall”, on the green part.
To increase performance, you have to reduce the protection. If you want to do so, select in the Kaspersky panel ‘Configuration > Scan Computer”; then in “Security Level”, select “Low”.
In the Kaspersky main panel, click on the two “Update” arrows, and then click on the “Update” button.
Yes, it is possible. In Kaspersky panel click on the arrow to the right and select “Network Monitor” and then click on “Open Doors”.
You can pause the protection, leading to possible security breaches. If you want to do so, right-click with the mouse on the Kaspersky icon and select “Pause Protection”.
Double-click the Bitdefender icon. In the window that opens, there is a horizontal scroll; slide to the right and in “Parental Control” click on the “OFF” button.
Double-click the Bitdefender icon. In the window that opens, there is a horizontal scroll; slide to the right and in “Parental Control” click on the “ON” button.
Double-click the Bitdefender icon. In the window that opens, click the arrow next to “Scan Now” and select the “System Scan” option.
Double-click the Bitdefender icon. In the window that opens, click the arrow next to “Scan Now” and select the “View Vulnerabilities” option.
Double-click the Bitdefender icon. In the window that opens, click the “Off” which is below the “Antivirus”.
You can lower the security level of the antivirus, which will negatively affect the protection level. To do this, click the Bitdefender icon. In the new window, click “Settings” and select the “Antivirus” option and lower the level of protection to “Permissive”.
Double-click the Bitdefender icon. In the window that opens, click “Settings”, select the “Antivirus” option and go to the “Quarantine” tab.
In the lower right corner there is the Bitdefender icon, in white. Right-click with the mouse and select “Game Mode”.
Right-click, with the mouse, on the file or folder you want to remove, point to Bitdefender and select “File Shredder”. A confirmation window will appear. Click “Yes” to start the wizard of the File Shredder.
The easiest and recommended way to scan a file or folder is to right-click with the mouse on the object you want to analyze, and then select “Bitdefender” and “Bitdefender Scan”.
Open the Bitdefender window. Click on “Events” on the top toolbar. In Events > Antivirus > Virus Scan you will find all events of analyses that were recently made. Click on the event to view details about it. To open an analysis report, click “View Report”. The registration window will open in a new window.
Open the Bitdefender window. Click Settings > Antivirus> Exclusions. Ensure that the “File Exclusions” is on when clicking the button. Click “Files” and “Deleted Folders > Explore” and select the folder you want to exclude from the analysis and then click “OK”. Click “Add” and then click “OK” to save the changes and close the window.
Open the Bitdefender window. In the Antivirus panel, click “Scan Now > Custom Scan > Add Target” to select the files or folders to be scanned. If you want to configure in detail the analysis options, click “Options Analysis”. Choose to turn off the computer whenever the scan is completed and if no threats are found. Click “Start Scan”.
Open the Bitdefender window. A link that indicates the number of days remaining for your license appears at the bottom of the Bitdefender window.
Double click on the Norton icon, then click Scan Now > Quick Scan.
Open the main window then click on the antivirus “Live Update”.
Double-click on the Norton icon. Then click on “Advanced” and click on “Antivirus”.
Double-click on the Norton icon. In the window that appears in background, there is an icon with two dolls. Then click them. Finally, click “Protect my family”.
Double click the McAfee Icon, then select Virus and Spyware Protection. Next click on Scan your PC You will have three options available: Fast Scan, Complete Scan and Personalized Scan.
Double click on the McAfee icon. In the window that opens, click on McAfee updates.
Double click on the McAfee icon. In the new window select the option Web and email protection. Then click where it says firewall and to finalize, click where it says Turn OFF
Double click on the McAfee icon, next on Virus and Spyware Protection. Then select Scheduled Scans and, in the window that appears, select Schedule your Scan.
Yes, you can. Go to the Menu Skype>Online Status and next select the Invisible option.
Go to Skype Menu>Online, then click the Away option.
In Skype, select Profile>Change your picture…
You will have to go to the Skype Menu> Profile > Change Sounds…
In Skype select ``Edit Profile`
You will have to go to Skype Menu> Privacy and select the option that says ``Only allow people in my Contact List to contact me``
You will have to go to the Skype Menu> change password
Go to the Menu> New Group Chat Next, drag and drop the contacts that you want to include in the group chat to the right hand side.
Yes. Go to the Contacts tab > Contact List and select the Online option.
Yes. Go to the Contacts menu >Advanced >Back up contacts to file…
Drag and drop files into the chat window, or go to the Chat Menu >Send > File…
In the menu bar, click Conversation> Profile panel and select the big or the small option.
Yes, it is possible. Click on the Contact that you want to rename. Then, go to Conversation menu>Rename…
Select the conversation, then go to Conversation> Search…
Click on the conversations that you want to hide. Next, right click to select the ```hide`` option.
From the tools bar, select View> Show Hidden Conversations.
You will have to go to the menu bar and click View> Files sent and Received.
Go to the menu bar and click View > Default View
Go to Tools> Options and in a General Menu uncheck the Click to call Option.
Go to Tools> Options> and in General Settings, uncheck the option that says ``Show me as Away after being idle. ``
You will have to go to Tools> Options and in Privacy bar click on Blocked Contacts. Select the contact to unblock and click Unblock the contact.
From the tools menu> Options> Notification Settings and untick the box that says show birthday notifications.
From the tools menu> Options> Notifications> Alerts and Messages and uncheck the option ``Promotions``
From the Tools menu>Options>Advanced tab and check ``Enable the Keyboard shortcuts`` option
In Tools> Options> in the Chat and SMS tab select the option Chat Settings and edit where ii says ``Save all files to:”
Go to the File Menu>Open…
You will have to go to the File Menu>New… and select CSS where it says: Page Type
In the main window you should see a button saying Code. Click on it.
In the Site menu> New Site…Next, in Servers Tab, click the plus symbol and enter the required data.
Yes. Go to the File Menu>Validate>Validate Current Document (W3C)
From the View Menu> Grid and uncheck the Show Grid option.
You can consult the website of the most popular newspapers. You can also access this web directory: https://news.google.pt/nwshp?hl=pt-PT&ei=INjwUuKOBeGN0wWgyoHYCA&ved=0CAoQqS4oCA
You may, for example, enter a ``10gbp to eur``in the Google Search box and click the Search Button.
In the Google Search enter the mathematical operation that you want to solve for example 5*5.
Yes. After entering a serch key then type site:<site name>, for instance: forecast site: www.ipma.pt
When clicking this button the Google will open the first web site from the search you made.
Yes. Type: inurl:< search key you wish to find>, for example: inurl.wikipedia.
It is a search term. When applied, it searches within the web site title, for example: intitle: google.
Yes, type, for example: 50 miles in km
Yes. Try to search for instance, for tan(45 degrees)
The Wikipedia is portal that gathers general knowledge information, its access is free
Everybody can write articles for Wikipedia, by obeying the company rules.
WikiLeaks is a website that was used to publish confidential documents.
Since the information published on the site can be insert by anyone, it is always recommendable to do further research.
It is a website with a diverse comic content posted by various authors.
The word hacker can have a lot of meanings. Normally it is someone who has excellent computer skills. In everyday language, a hacker is a person who uses his or her knowledge to enter somebody´s else computer system.
It is a group of people that got together in order to invade various countries’ computer systems.
The government has provided this functionality in the site http://www.portaldasfinancas.gov.pt/pt/home.action
You can use sites like the OLX.pt, coisas.com , or at international level ebay.com.
Try to check if the site http://www.google.com/finance suits your needs.
Click the second mouse button on the file and choose “7 - Zip > Add to” .
It is a service provided by Google that allows storage and file creation.
Log into “docs.google.com” page , click on the button that says Create and choose the type of document you want to create .
As you type, the document is saved automatically.
Go to File menu > Rename...
You will need to go to the menu “Tools > Spelling” …
Yes, underline the word then go to “Format> Strikeout” menu.
You will need to go to the menu Insert> Picture.
Go to the menu Tools > Word Count.
Yes, Click Tools > Translate document .
Yes, go to the File menu > Download As Microsoft Word ( . DOCX ) .
Select the document you want to remove, and click the icon shaped like a trashcan.
In the documents list, click the arrow next to where it says “Last modified”, and select “Quota Used”.
Click on “Starred”.
Click the cell you want to enter the formula in , then go to Insert> Function , and select what you want.
Google offers free 15G .
At the bottom left, there is an indication of the used and free space.
You can check the price on the site https://www.google.com/settings/storage?hl=pt_PT
At the top right of the page, there is an icon with 5 strokes, click it.
On the homepage of Google Drive, click the up arrow that is next to “Create”. Then, choose the file you want to import.
In Google Docs page click the sprocket, then select the Keyboard Shortcuts.
You have to select the files you want to share, then click where it says More > Share. Then choose the people you want to share with, or provide a sharing link.
Select the file you want to mark as unread , then click More > Mark as unread .
Click the icon shaped like a sprocket, then where it says Display Density, select “compact”.
Get more information by clicking on the Icon that has sprocket, and select the help option.
An internet connection and a device to access the page of Google Drive.
In the main program window click where it says “Data Disc” Look in the window above the file you want to burn and drag them to the window below.Then click on the yellow disc with a green tick.
On the desktop, right-click in the area without icons and select the “Screen Resolution” option.
Click the second mouse button on the desktop, select “Personalize” and, finally, choose the theme that suits you .
Click the second mouse button, a menu will appear below, that has an icon saying “Resize” . Click it.
Try using the MySQL Workbench ( http://www.mysql.com/products/workbench/ ) .
Open AVG then click where it says Scan Now .
You can do the following operation, if you have wireless connect to the router by cable, if it works then it is a bad wireless configuration. Also try another computer. If the other computer is functioning, there is a configuration problem.
It may be one or more devices emitting at the same frequency as the router. It may be due to the type of space in which the equipment is located such as very thick walls, long distances .
Send an email to qualidade@pcmedic.pt
You can get help by phone, at home, or from a laboratory .
See our page for the correct line http://www.pcmedic.pt/linhas-apoio-tecnico/
Go to our page to check the current list of pcmedic laboratories. http://www.pcmedic.pt/inicio/apoio-laboratorial/
The pcmedic provides the IT Support to Individuals and Companies. You can get more details on our page http://www.pcmedic.pt/inicio/servicos/
You can contact it by the e-mail administracao@pcmedic.pt
Send an email to emprego@pcmedic.pt .
See our page on http://www.pcmedic.pt/inicio/quem-somos/parcerias/
Go to our page where you can find information about pcmedic http://www.pcmedic.pt/inicio/quem-somos/imprensa/topicos/
You can access the pcmedic facebook page at this link https://www.facebook.com/PcmedicPT
Yes, pcmedic provides home support throughout Portugal mainland and Islands.
In the top menu select Tools > Advanced Settings > Email Protection > Anti – spam. Select the “Blacklist” option and click the “Edit” button, enter the email address (or domain) you want to block - for example, domain.com, or just nome@domínio.com . Confirm the changes by clicking the “OK” button.
In AVG User Interface select “Tools > Advanced Settings” .In the “Email Protection tab > Anti – spam” section expand the tree structure. Select the “Blacklist” option and click the “Edit” button, enter the email address (or domain) you want to block - for example, domain.com, or just nome@domínio.com. Confirm by clicking the “OK” button.
AVG Accelerator maximizes your computer's connectivity to deliver content faster.
In AVG User Interface select Tools > Advanced Settings. In the left panel, select “Appearance”. In the list of notifications from the system tray, uncheck “AVG Advisor Display Notifications”. Click “OK” to save the changes.
The Speedtest is best known for being a site (www.speedtest.net/pt/) that measures the download and upload speed of your internet connection.
Right-click with the mouse on the AVG icon in the system tray next to the clock. Click “Temporarily Disable AVG Protection”. Choose how long you want the protection to be disabled and whether to also disable the Firewall. Finally click “OK”.
Go to Tools > Advanced Settings. On the left menu, click “Appearance”. In notifications in the system tray, you can disable / enable the display of all notifications in the system or just some of them, according to your preference.
The AVG PC Analyzer is used to check for errors affecting the performance of your computer.
The AVG PC TuneUp is a tool to maintain and optimize your computer and it can be installed along with AVG.
Go to the menu Start > Control Panel. Click “Uninstall a program”, or “Programs and Features” or “Add or Remove Programs”. In the list of programs, select “AVG PC TuneUp (2014)”, and then click “Uninstall / Change”, or “Uninstall”.
The DNS Changer is a virus, also known as the Google Redirect Virus. It can cause your computer to display unwanted advertising pages instead of standard websites.
A Trojan Horse is a malicious software designed to allow remote access to the target computer. After installing the Trojan, hackers can access your computer remotely and perform various operations.
AVG has detected that there is a file that appears to be a normal file but it is actually an executable file, for example the file name is test.txt.exe, but the part of .exe was hidden, thus concealing it as a .txt file.
The first and most important information is the exact name of the virus and the path to the infected(s) file(s).
Open the menu Start > Settings> Control Panel > Folder Options. Go to “View” tab and enable the “Show hidden files and folders”.
Open “Start > Control Panel > Appearance and Personalization > Folder Options Panel”. Click the “View” tab and enable the “Show hidden files and folders”.
Log into Windows as an administrator. Click “Start” and then select “Control Panel”. Click “User Accounts”. Depending on the version of Windows running on your computer, choose “Create new account” or the “Add” button. Enter the user name and click “Next”. Select “Create account” or click “Finish”.
Restart the computer. Immediately after the information “Starting Windows” is displayed, press the F8 key on your keyboard. Select the “Safe Mode” option from the menu using the arrow keys. Then press “Enter” on your keyboard to boot into Safe Mode.
You can use this website: http://goo.gl/ site. Paste the link and get a shorter one.
MBnet is an online service that lets you create a virtual card associated with your bank account and so you can safely purchase on internet.
Right-click with the mouse on the program and select “Run as Administrator”.
Each manufacturer is responsible for versions of Android. It is normal for certain brands to stop doing upgrades for Android.
Right-click with the mouse on the bar that is at the bottom of the screen, and select the option “Task Management > Performance”.
VoIP is software used to pass voice over IP. It is used, for example, by Skype.
This name is given to IPs that do not change. For example if you have a domestic connection, it is normal that your IP changes, but with a static IP it is always the same.
Fiber has data transfer rates much higher than the ADSL.
It is a plugin that installed in browsers which prevents the opening of advertising in browsers.
CAPTCHA (Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart) is a test to differentiate whether the access to a page is done by a person or by a machine. They are usually letters with a strange format that are asked to be rewritten in a box text before submitting a form.
ISP is the Internet Service Provider. It is the company that provides the service of internet access, usually charging a monthly fee to their customers.
Keywords are sets of main words that best describe the contents of a page.
Phishing is a cyber-attack designed to steal authentication data of a person. It is commonly done through e-mail messages that are sent on behalf of a service, for example an online bank, and requesting the inclusion of authentication data.
It is a term associated with a type of computer viruses that spread automatically across the internet.
Script is a computer program that is interpreted at runtime by a specific application and not by the operating system of the computer.
Home is the homepage of a website, from which you can follow links to all the other pages.
Unusable part of a data storage device, such as a magnetic disk, for example, that suffered some kind of damage and cannot record information anymore.
A benchmark test is a procedure that uses a set of programs and files defined to evaluate the performance of the hardware and software in a computer, in a given configuration.
VPN is a protocol that creates a virtual tunnel between two points on the internet, usually encrypted, thus making it safer to pass data over the internet.
Spam is an internet version of junk mail. It is the deliberate sending of the same message to a large number of mailing lists or newsgroups that have not been requested, it is usually used to advertise a product or service.
Timeout is a term used for when a page expires after a set time of operation.
In the terminal type “ln” and press “Enter”.
Type “cd” and the name of the folder you want.
Type “cd” and press “Enter”.
In the terminal, type “chmod 777 <name of the folder>”.
Type “mkdir <the name you want for the folder>”.
Write “mv <name of the file> <path to where to move the file>”.
In the terminal, type “rm - r <name of the folder>”.
In the terminal, type “pwd”.
In the terminal, type “netstat-a”.
In the terminal, type “free- h”.
In the terminal, type “apt- get update”.
In the terminal, type “apt- get dist –upgrade”.
Use the command ps –aux.
Write top and Enter
Yes, after doing the modifications write, /etc/init.d/apache2 reload or /etc/init.d/http reload.
In the command line, write uptime.
On the manufacturer’s website, there should be a menu saying support.
Yes, both in viability or writing.
Press the F5 key.
Usually the i7 is better than an i5, being a quad core, but it depends on the processor model.
Core is the nucleus of a processor, quad means four, meaning the processor has four nuclei.
Dust makes the computer cooling more difficult and in extreme cases, it may lead to hardware damage.
Yes, because Microsoft stops supporting older versions of Windows.
Usually that behavior is due to a malfunction of the CMOS battery.
You must wait for the connection to be reestablished.
Apache is a webserver.
No, it is limited by the operating system and the motherboard’s capacity.
The motherboard (or mainboard) is the computer component responsible for connecting all of its components, meaning the processor with the motherboard, hard drive, and graphic card, among others.
Click in file > Add torrent.
Go to File > Add the URL torrent.
Go to Options > Preferences and in the General tab, uncheck the ‘Start uTorrent with Windows’ option.
Go to Options > Automatic Shutdown, check the ‘Shutdown when receptions are over’ option.
Yes, go to the options menu >Preferences> in Directory tap uncheck the option put new downloads in: and choose the directory folder of your choice
This means that the disk was not able to keep up with the speed of read/write. This behavior is normal when starting for the first time a large torrent, since Windows should create the file so that it can be downloaded.
Yes. The syntax is:/directory C:Save D:Some folder your Path uTorrent.exe .torrent
Yes, internet providers offer 3G mobile routers.
The term Cloud is usually used to describe the usage of services that are located outside the user’s workspace.
The button is under the router.
Go to Settings > General > Code Blocking.
Yes, in Settings > Music > Volume Limit.
The flight mode is active. You will not be able to access internet or use Bluetooth devices.
It means an application is using Location Services.
If an icon with 4 filled lines appears at the top of the screen, it means it is connected to a Wi-Fi network.
Press the Home button twice to reveal the task bar. Drag the application up onto the task bar.
Click on a photo with two fingers close to each other, then spread your fingers.
Go to Settings > Background Images and Brightness.
On Settings > Background Images and Brightness, where it says brightness increase or decrease.
Slide your finger up from bottom margin of the screen.
Go to Settings > Do not disturb.
Go to Settings > Sounds.
Go to Settings > Bluetooth, touch the icon with an ‘I’ inside a circle. Then go to Adjustments > Bluetooth, and touch Forget Device.
On Settings > General > Code Blocking, choose the available services.
Go to Settings > iCloud > Keys.
Go to Settings > Safari > Passwords and Automatic Completion.
On Settings > Privacy > Publicity, activate the ‘Limit tracked publicity’ option to block applications from accessing the iPad’s publicity identifier. To obtain further information, touch More Information.
Connect the headset, then touch and keep pressing the Home or the call button.
Say cancel, touch the Siri icon or press the Home button.
Go to Settings > Messages.
You must mark the person as a VIP, then open Adjustments > Notification Center > Mail.
While reading a message, you will have at your disposal an icon flag. Click on it.
If you click on this icon you will see the internet pages open on other devices you own.
In the upper right corner, there is an icon in the shape of a plus, click on it.
Adjust the volume of the shutter sound in Touch and Alerts settings, in Settings> Sounds. Or mute the sound using the Ring / Silent switch. In some countries, muting is disabled.
Go to Settings> Map.
Click the last icon in the lower right corner of the video player.
You will have to go to Settings> General> Accessibility> VoiceOver.
Go to Settings> General> Accessibility> Invert Colors.
Go to Settings> General> International.
Tap any application from the Home screen, hold it down until it starts to shake and then drag applications. Drag an application to the edge of the screen to move it to a different Home Screen.
Go to Settings> Brightness and Background Image.
Yes, some devices need to have a minimum charge to turn on.
When it does not work, make sure you have an internet connection.
Open the Settings> General> passcode and fingerprint > fingerprint
Open the Settings> General> passcode and fingerprint (iPhone 5s) or Settings> General> Lock with code (other models) and set a 4-digit code.
Open Settings> General> Siri (possibly it is not be available in all regions).
Go to Settings> iCloud> Photo.
Tap on the menu, and then on the icon with the plus sign. Enter the name of a city or postal code, then tap Search.
Touch and hold down a city, then drag it up or down.
Slide the city to the left and tap Delete.
Tap °F or °C.
In the upper corner of the store, there is an icon with three dashes. Click on it.
Hold the Home button down and say Facetime,  followed by the name of the person you wish to call.
Go to Settings> iCloud and activate the Contacts option.
Go to Settings> Facebook and activate Contacts in the list  Allow these applications to use your account. A Facebook group will be created in your Contacts.
Go to Settings> Mail, Contacts, and Calendars, tap your Google account and enable Contacts.
An Apple ID is your username for all your interactions with Apple.
Open iTunes. Highlight one of the items that you purchased. (Your purchases are found on the list Purchases). Select File> Information. Click the Summary tab.
You will need to download the Kaspersky remover http://www.kaspersky.com/antivirus-removal-tool?form=1
Use the command CHKDSK /r/f. This command will take effect when you restart the computer.
When you open the command prompt, instead of clicking with the left mouse button, right click, and select the option Run as administrator.
Click the Windows key plus the R key, type cmd and then enter. Then type ping <ip of the server>
Click the Windows button plus the R key, type cmd and press enter. Then type ipconfig /all.
Yes, write the command tasklist.
Connect your computer to the ZON HUB via Ethernet cable. Enter the address: http://zonhub.home. On the login page enter the username: home and the password: zonnet
Connect the USB drive to Zon Hub. Open a browser or file explorer and type zondrive. If a dialog box to Login to Windows appear, enter your user name and password of the internal page of ZON HUB. A window will appear, displaying the available folders on the disk.
Use the command sfc /scannow.
In the main screen (standby), select Applications. Select Settings. Select wireless connection and networks. Select Wi-Fi Settings. Select Wi-Fi. Select the desired Wi-Fi network.
When you open the camera, click the gear. Where it says resolution, select the resolution you wish.
Access the router page, and go to the Status tab, Click where it says Release IP Address. Then immediately afterwards click Renew IP Address.
Normally underneath the machine there is a sticker with the model.
Access the router page, go to the wireless tab, then accessing Wireless Security, and make the desired changes.
Access the internal page of the router, then go to the Wireless tab, Access the sub-tab Basic Wireless Settings. And change the Channel.
You will need to access the router page, then go to the Wireless tab. In the sub-tab Basic Wireless Settings, Change where it says SSID.
Power lines are devices that transmit Internet signals using an electric network.
The main difference is in the speed. USB 2.0 has transfer rates up to 480 Mbps, while 3.0 makes transfers up 4.8 Gbps.
You can use specific products sold for this purpose, or use a dry cloth.
VGA is an old, analog technology. HDMI is already digital, having superior quality, and has the advantage of transferring the audio as well as the image. It is advised to use HDMI.
It may not work, there are read-only players, and there are Blu-Ray players/recorders. You will have to see the specifications of the device. Normally the recorders say RW.
You will have to consult the printer manual/website or see if there is any writing on the printer that says wireless.
The maximum is 700 MB.
The largest capacity is 4.7 Gb
The maximum size is 25 GB (single –player), 50 GB (dual-player), 100/128 GB (BDXL).
It is recommended that the memory slots operate at the same frequency, if the frequencies are different there is the possibility that they are not compatible.
You should have a sound card compatible with 5.1, it normally has 4 audio inputs.
An UPS is a battery/ flywheel backup that provides emergency power in case of power fails, giving a user a chance to shut down his or her computer in a safe way.
Yes it is. If your laptop doesn´t have a compatible sound card you can buy an external card.
It is a card with a number sequences, which you can be asked for while executing a bank operation, via home banking.
Click in the lower right corner of the screen, where the time is shown, choose the option that says Date and Time Settings. Finally click on ``Change Date and Time.´´
You can use X-lite. https://www.counterpath.com/x-lite.html
You can access this web site: http://www.android.com/, but it is recommended that you visit your device manufacturer´s web site.
Yes, you can buy an USB web cam
E-mails are hosted in the same server that the IMAP.
You can use this link: https://www.the-qrcode-generator.com
It is not recommended to have it in the sun. It should be elevated and the vents must not be covered..
You can check this web site: http://www.av-comparatives.org/dynamic-tests/
You can chose, for example: Avira, AVG; Microsoft Essentials or Avast.
Normally they cannot be used in enterprises but for more details you should review the software terms and conditions.
Yes, it is possible. You can use a dual WAN router or opt for two independent networks.
Try out OpenOffice (http://www.openoffice.org/pt/) or LibreOffice (http://pt.libreoffice.org/=
Try out Gimp (http://www.gimp.org/).
Right click on the desktop. Next select Arrange Desktop Icons by Name option.
Right click the Recycle Bin icon and click Empty Recycle Bin
No, they are different operating systems and their software is not compatible.
Yes, it is possible.
Right click on the desktop, select View and then Show desktop icons...
It is a web site that allows you to send files up to 2 GB.
Go to the site, click Add File, type the e-mail address of the person that you want sent the files to and enter your e-mail address. Then click on: Transfer.
It is a web site that you can use to edit images online.
It is a music web site where you can chose and listen artist that you like.
The IPS are: 213.228.128.5 e 213.228.128.6
The IPs are: 194.79.69.129 e 194.79.69.131
194.79.69.129 194.79.69.131
It´s DNS are: 194.65.3.21 e 194.65.14.27
The IPs are: 194.65.3.20 e 194.65.3.21
In the user insert: meo and in password: meo.
User: Administrator, Password:3!play
Yes, you can use, for example, a TeamViewer (http://www.teamviewer.com/Pt/)
You have to insert the numbers describing your ID and your password.
It depends on the person that you are interacting with. You can always block the remote access to your pc at any time.
Go to Extras menu>Options and in the general tab select the Start TeamViewer with Windows.
Yes, you can. Both technologies are compatible.
Yes, there is no problem.
Normally desktop are cheaper, are easier to maintain and are easier to upgrade over time.
You can consult this site http://tek.sapo.pt/
It is a printer that can print objects in 3 dimensions.
Consult this site http://www.inst-informatica.pt/legislacao-e-directivas
Yes, but you must pay attention to the chargers, since in some countries the electrical plugs are different.
Check the miniclip http://sapo.miniclip.com/games/pt/
On the Insert tab, in the Symbols group, click the arrow next to Equation. Click the equation you wish or click Insert New Equation to write an equation.
Select the video on the slide. Under Video Tools, on the Playback tab, in the Editing group, click on Cut Video.
On the Slides tab in Normal view, click the slide to which you want to add a video. Access YouTube. On the Web site, locate the video and then click Share, select the check box Use old embed code, click Embed, and then copy the embed code. Again in PowerPoint, on the Insert tab, in the Media group, click the arrow under Video. Click Video from Web Site. In the dialog box, Video from Web Site, paste the embed code and then click Insert.
You will need to click the icon and drag to where you want to place it.
The terms 32-bit and 64-bit refer to how the processor (also called CPU) of the computer processes the information. The 64-bit version of Windows handles large amounts of RAM (random access memory) more effectively than a 32-bit system.
Dry with a hairdryer in the cool mode, and leave it turned off for a few days, then try to connect. It is advisable to take it to a computer shop to assess the damage.
FPS (frames per second) is the number of images a device registers, processes or displays per second.
Check them out on this page http://windows.microsoft.com/pt-pt/windows-8/keyboard-shortcuts
The memory may be improperly installed or incompatible. Try removing the memory and lightly pass on the connectors that connect the mainboard with a white eraser.
Yes, such as slowness, errors, and loss of information.
That temperature is too high, try dusting off your computer if it is a desktop. It is advisable to also change the thermal mass.
Typically this behavior is due to heating. It is advisable to clean it internally and change the thermal mass.
This may be due to memory problems. If you have two, remove one and see if it works well with just one. Try cleaning the connectors.
The most probable is that the source has been damaged. Take it to a specialist for a more thorough diagnosis.
Check the location C:\Documents and Settings\Users\Application Data\MicrosoftPlayReady. Remove the hds file, remove Silverlight and install again.
It's a hard drive in a smaller format than normal that are used in laptops.
It depends on the source you have. You can turn it on to see if it is enough, but you will probably need a source with higher power.
The best test you can do is see which mobile operator has the stronger signal in your area, and subscribe to this service provider.
You will need to purchase an IP camera.
A cable network is faster, more stable, and more secure. A wireless network is more practical in terms of mobility for laptops. As a general rule it is advisable to use a cable network.
Everything will depend on the model. You can consult a comparison here on this site http://www.videocardbenchmark.net/
The guarantee provided by law is at least 2 years.
You will have to purchase a switch.
It is an online gambling portal.
It will depend on what you use, and the user's needs over time. There are laptops that last 4 years others that last for 10 years.
It will give a better signal in the area around the router. Now in terms of distance, you will have the same range as a router with an antenna operating at the same decibels.
In the Apple menu, choose System Preferences. Then go to View > Language & Text (Mac OS X v10.5 or later) or View > International (Mac OS X v10.4.9 or earlier). Drag the language you want to the top, and restart iTunes.
Try to check if your router antennas can be removed, also check if there is any place for an external antenna, in this image it is the yellow part http://i00.i.aliimg.com/img/pb/035/238/508/508238035_378.jpg
The signal strength has not to do with the size of the antenna, but with the decibels that it emits.
Click the Alt key on the screen.
You can use one of the following companies: Symantec, Comodo Group, GoDaddy or GlobalSign.
It is a small file of information that a website leaves on the computer and consults when you return to visit it. Its function is to store visitor preferences and other information.
Bullying is the term to describe a persecution or discrimination that typically occurs among older or stronger children against younger or weaker children. Cyberbullying is when this persecution happens on-line.
It means a means to obtain important and sensitive information illegally. It happens through actions that deceive or exploit the trust of users, who receive false messages on behalf of companies or organizations (eg, a false email from the bank) asking for confidential data.
Refer to this page http://seguranca.sapo.pt/boaspraticas/messenger.html
After checking that you are connected to the router, open your browser and in the address bar put http://192.168.1.254. Enter the data: user name: Administrator; password: 3!play. Click on Broadband connections. Click See More... Internet zone. Click Disconnect. Check the User name. Change the Internet access password to the password you want. Click Connect.
Only if you have an alternative source for the modem/router or a 3G USB modem.
Open Thunderbird, click the Alt, then choose Tools> Message Filters... and fill in the criteria that you want.
Go to Menu > Settings, click where it says Wi-Fi, then click where it says Disabled, Search for your network and click it.
Go to the menu, click Settings and finally press where it says Bluetooth.
Go to Menu > Settings, and click where it says Storage.
You will need to access the Menu > Settings, then click where it says About the Phone.
Enter the menu, browse to the application you want to remove, press and hold down the application and then move it to where it says Uninstall.
A wireless error occurred. Refer to the messages on the printer display.
Insert a memory card into the memory card slot. On the Home screen, tap Photos, View & Print. Touch Photo and Memory Card. Select the photo you want to print. Tap the arrows up or down to specify the number of photos to be printed. Tap Finish. Touch Print to start printing.
Printers have a compartment that can be opened manually. Try to see if your printer has removable parts, and if behind them you can see the paper.
Try to remove it and blow into the cartridge contacts as well as the printer's. If they are recycled ink cartridges, there could be connectivity issues.
On the Home screen, tap the Eco icon. Tap Automatic shutdown. Touch Activate or Deactivated.
On the Home screen, tap the Eco icon. Tap Suspension. Touch After 5 minutes, After 10 minutes, or after 15 minutes.
You need hosting and a domain.
Yes, if you have a computer with USB 3.0, we recommend a disc with a 3.0 input.
Make sure the charging light is lit and if the computer has a light, make sure it is also lit. If both are off, try another outlet. If both are on, turn off the computer, unplug the charger, remove the battery, turn it on and connect it again.
Press the F4 key.
From the desktop of Windows, click the right button or touch the Speaker icon in the notification area. Then at the far right of the taskbar, select Playback Devices. On the Playback tab, select the name of the digital output device. Select Default, and then select OK
Click the FN key and the F2 and F3 keys to decrease to increase.
Click on Fn + F6.
Click on Fn + F12
On the Start screen, type Energy, and select Settings, followed by Power Options. In the left pane, click Require a password on reactivation. Click on Change settings that are currently unavailable. Click Require a password (recommended). Click Save Changes.
Decrease the brightness of the screen.  Select the Power Savings setting in Power Options. Remove the computer's replaceable battery when not being used or charged by the user.  Turn off wireless communication when it is not in use. Unplug any external devices that are not used and not connected to an external power source.
The battery light (select models only) indicates the level of weak or very weak battery. The Power Meter icon on the Windows desktop shows a low or critical battery notification.
You must have a seal containing its key, without that Windows is not considered legal.
Yes, it is free up to 16G
Sign into MEO Cloud (https://meocloud.pt/home/), then click where it says Upload Files, select the file and then open it.
Go to MEO Cloud page and Click where it says Settings, then simply send the link to MEO invitation Cloud
Go to the MEO Cloud page, click Settings, and finally click where it says Delete Account.
The MEO Cloud is a service from Portugal Telecom for hosting and synchronizing files. By creating a MEO account, you get automatically 16GB for free to host your files in safety.
To create an account, go to MEO Cloud meocloud.pt. Click Register.
They are stored in the PT servers, probably in the dataCenter in Covilhã.
Access https://login.telecom.pt. Log in, and click where it says Change password.
Yes, you can download the it here https://meocloud.pt/downloads
Yes, you can use MEO Cloud in any browser.
Yes. To have access to the records of the movements of files and folders from MEO Cloud, simply access the Events option in the left side menu of the website.
Yes, you can share files and folders with one or more users on MEO Cloud. Select the folder you want to share and select what type of sharing you prefer: Through a link or sharing with a team.
A shared file occupies a share of all the users that are sharing the file, regardless of who the owner of the shares is.
To remove a shared item, it is necessary first to go to the menu View Shares. If you are the owner of the share, click Remove Link of Shared Item. If not, click Leave Sharing.
You can send the files you want to the MEO Cloud.
Connect to the router by cable, then type in a browser http://zonhub.home/index.cgi. In the credentials, enter the username: home_admin and password: zonnetadmin, go to tab LAN > Settings and change where it says Internet Protocol.
Connect to the router by cable, then type in the Browser http://zonhub.home/index.cgi. Enter the credentials username: home_admin and password: zonnetadmin, go to LAN > Settings tab and change where it says IP Address Distribution.
Connect to the router by cable, then type in the Browser http://zonhub.home/index.cgi.  Enter the credentials username: home_admin and password: zonnetadmin, go to the tab LAN> Settings and change where it says Bridge Mode then connect the other device in port 4.
Connect to the router by cable, then type in the Browser http://zonhub.home/index.cgi. Enter the credentials username: home_admin and password: zonnetadmin, go to the tab LAN > Wireless and change where it says Wireless Network (SSID).
Connect to the router by cable, then type in the Browser http://zonhub.home/index.cgi. Enter the credentials username: home_admin and password: zonnetadmin, go to the tab LAN > Wireless and change where it says Pre-Shared Key.
Connect to the router by cable, then type in the Browser http://zonhub.home/index.cgi.  Enter the credentials username: home_admin and password: zonnetadmin, go to the tab LAN > Wireless and change where it says MAC filtering.
Connect to the router by cable, then type in the Browser http://zonhub.home/index.cgi. Enter the credentials username: home_admin and password: zonnetadmin, go to the tab System > Users.
Connect to the router by cable, then type in the Browser http://zonhub.home/index.cgi. Enter the credentials username: home_admin and password: zonnetadmin, go to tab Services> Zon@Fon.
Connect to the router by cable, then type in the Browser http://zonhub.home/index.cgi. Enter the credentials username: home_admin and password: zonnetadmin, and go to Home > Overview.
Yes, you can download it at this link https://mega.co.nz/#sync
Go to the Mega page and click where it says File Upload.
Yes, enter the page and click where it says Upload Folder.
Enter the Mega page and click the icon with 3 arrows (the second icon in the top left corner). There, you have the removed files, click the right mouse button over the file, then select the option Move.
Enter the page and click where it says New Folder.
Click where it says Menu, select Language, search for Portuguese, and click Save.
You can consult prices at this link https://mega.co.nz/#pro
Click Menu > My Account, and look where it says Used Space Storage.
Click Menu > My Account, go to the History tab.
Click Menu > Logout.
You have 50G available for free.
Access https://mega.co.nz/ and then click Create Account.
The best is HDMI, which is digital. The one with three outputs is of inferior analogic quality.
In the Xbox Dashboard, go to Home. Highlight Recent and press the A button on your controller. Browse to and select the kind of content you want to run.
In the Xbox Dashboard, go to Settings and then select System. Select Network Settings. Select Wired Network or Wireless Network.
Yes. In Xbox Live press the Guide button on the controller. Select Chat and IM. Make sure the Kinect's microphone is set to Enabled.
Go to music and select My Music. Select My Playlists. Locate and select the playlist you wish to play. To play all the songs in the playlist, select Play Now. To play a separate song, select Show Songs, and select the song you want to play, and then Play. To stop playing the songs in the list, press X and then A.
The music block on the desktop of Windows 8, Windows 8.1 or Windows RT is an Xbox Music application you can use to play or purchase music files on your computer.
Start your Xbox Music application in Windows 8. Tap the screen to the right or go to the top right or bottom right to open the Event Symbols bar. Tap or click Settings > Preferences. Make sure that Music on the Cloud is set to Activated.
Turn on your console and go Settings > System > Console Settings > Connected Devices. Define the Xbox Apps SmartGlass and Play as Activated.
It is a signature from Microsoft that enables you listen to a wide range of songs without having to buy them.
Connect the sync cable from your media player to a USB port on the Xbox 360 console. Press the Control Panel button on your controller. Move to Media and select Music Player. Select Handheld Device. Select the song you wish to play.
Yes, load a music CD in the disc tray of the console. The music player starts automatically. Select Copy CD. Select the songs you want to copy to your hard drive and select Copy CD.
Yes. Start a game and press the Control Panel button on your controller. Go to Media. Choose Select Music. Select the location of the song you want to hear. Press the Control Panel button to return to your game.
Press the Control Panel button on your controller. Go to Games and Apps. Select Active Downloads.
Sign into Xbox LIVE using the gamer tag that you used when you purchased the content for the first time. Go to Settings > Account > Download History. Navigate to your download history and find the item you want to download again. Select the item and select Download Again.
Sign in to Xbox Live using the gamer tag that you used when you purchased the content for the first time. Go to Settings and select Account. Select Download History.
Try to change the payment option or Remove a credit card from your Xbox Live account.
Join the Xbox Music application with the Microsoft account associated with your Xbox Music Pass. Select Playlist. Select or tap the + sign. Enter a name for the list. Select Create.
First, use soft, lens-cleaning cloth to clean the dirt or dust. Then use a clean, special microfiber cloth for cleaning lenses and wipe it gently on the lenses in a circular motion.
Open SkyDrive, click the right mouse button on an empty part, below, select Add Files.
Click the right mouse button on the file and select Cut. Then go to the folder where you want to place it, click the right button and choose Paste.
Click the right mouse button in an area with nothing in the program, and select the New Folder option.
Click the right mouse button on the SkyDrive and select the option Rename.
Click the right mouse button on the file and select the Delete option.
Click the right mouse button on the file or folder, choose Cut, then click on the new location with the right mouse button in a blank area and choose Paste.
Raid 0 is faster. Since there are two discs working together, it loses in terms of safety. If a disc is damaged, it loses much of the information. Raid 1 is more secure because there is always a copy of the disc, but is slower. 
If the other end of the cable is USB, you can use any one. Now if it is a charger, you have to take into account the voltage and amperage.
Make sure that no cable is doubly connected to the switch.
Click the Windows key plus the D key.
Click the Windows key plus the L key.
Access https://my.zon.pt/Pages/default.aspx?ReturnUrl=%2fPerfil%2f_layouts%2fAuthenticate.aspx%3fSource%3d%252FPerfil&Source=%2FPerfil, log in and access the Personal Area > Personal Data then click where it says Change.
Access https://my.zon.pt/Pages/default.aspx?ReturnUrl=%2fPerfil%2f_layouts%2fAuthenticate.aspx%3fSource%3d%252FPerfil&Source=%2FPerfil, log in and access the Personal Area > Address then click where it says CHANGE OF BILLING ADDRESS and select Change.
Go to Settings and select the option Change PC Settings. Select Windows Update and then select Check for updates now. After checking for updates from Windows Update, tap or click Install Downloaded Updates or Install to install the updates.
Click File> Open...
Click File > Wizards > Letter...
Yes
Choose Tools - Options - LibreOffice - General and tick Additional Tips.
Go to menu File > Export as PDF...
Go to menu File> Properties then go to the Statistics tab.
Go to the menu Edit > Find...
Go to the menu View and remove the option Non-Printable Characters.
Click on the menu Insert > Manual Break....
Go to the menu Insert > Picture > From File...
Go to the menu Insert > Header
Go to the menu Insert > Footer
Go to the menu Insert > Table.
Click the F7 key
Go to the menu Format > Row > Optimized Height...
Go to Format menu>Columns>Adapt table width…
Go to Help menu>About the Libre Office
Select the data that you want to apply a filter in. Next go to Data> Auto Filter
Yes. Choose data>sort
Select all the document, then right click a letter of any cell and choose Unhide.
Select the column. Then right click on the column letter and choose the option: Hide.
Press the F5 key.
"Go to Slide show> Start from the current slideshow. "
Go to Slideshow menu> Chronometric presentation
Go to the SlideShow Menu> Slide Transitions.
In Tools>Options> User data, type what you want to be shown.
Go to Tools menu>Options> General and uncheck Tips.
Tools>Options> Appearance, change colours
Yes .In Tools>Options>Load/Save>General> chage where it says “Save AutoRecovery every…”
Go to Tools> Options> Load/Save> General and choose save always as: set the desired format.
In Tools>Options>Language Settings>Languages. Change where it says ``User interface``
In Tools> Options> Language settings>Languages. Change where it says “default languages for documents”
Go to File>Save as… and select the option Save with a password
Go to View menu and click where it says rulers…
Go to Format> Bullets and numbering.
Go to Format>Page… go to the header tab.
Go to Format>Page… go to page tab, and change settings where it saysPage Format.
MySQL is a data manipulation system.
PHP is a programming language used mainly in websites.
C# is a programming language.
A browser is a a softwaresoftware used to access the internet, as for example Firefox and Chrome.
Only if it is a switch layer 3.
It is a data transmission technology that allows data transmission faster than by telephone lines or traditional modems.
It’s a communication protocol. PPPoE establishes and authenticates a session with an internet access provider.
Go to View>Scientific.
Go to View> Programmer
Go to View> Statistics.
It is a web software allowing database management in MySQL.
Go to the zon.pt/myzone and type in your username and password. Select the Services Tab. Click on E-mail. Click on Create a new e-mail. Fill in all the mandatory fields and click Save.
Server address: s.outlook.com; User name: your e-mail address; Password: your password; Encryption TLS/SSL necessary: yes
Server address: imap-mail.outlook.com; Port: 993; Encrypted connection: SSL; Outbox server (SMTP); sending: Server address, smtp-mail.outlook.com; Port: 25 (or 587 if the 25 is blocked); Authentication: yes; Encrypted connection: TLS.
Connect the power cable provided to the corresponding plug in the MY HUB lower panel and into the electric socket on the wall. Using the RF coaxial cable connect one end of the cable to MY HUB and the other to the ZON plug. Using an Ethernet cable connect your PC network card to any of the four Ethernet ports.
Go to http://zonhub.home and enter your username and password (home and zonnet, respectively). In HOME, click the Printer icon in order to see the shared printers window. Copy the IPP URL (Internet Printing Protocol) to the transfer area.
Go to zondrive (use the window of windows explorer If you are using a browser other than Internet Explorer). If the start session dialogue window appears, enter your user name and My HUB password. There should appear a window showing the existing folders on the disc. Test if it works by copying a file to the chosen folder.
Connect a storage device to My HUB. This device should have your multimedia library (during this stage at least one folder with a multimedia file to test). Following provider´s instructions, connect your TV set to your multimedia device (not possible in ZON BOX). Make sure that you have chosen the right (AV) plug in your TV set. Connect the multimedia device to the Ethernet port available in My HUB.
It means that the ZON HUB is turned on.
That means that ZON is acquiring Downstream paramet
That means that ZON is acquiring Upstream parameters
That means that the Router is acquiring IP address.
Press the apple Icon followed by “System Preferences”. In the tab Internet & wireless click on “Network”. Select Wi-Fi option by pressing “Turn ON Wi-Fi”. Select the name of your internet connection. Your connection should be established.
Press the apple icon followed by “System Preferences”. In the tab Internet & Wireless click on “Network. Select “Airport” option and click the button “Turn AirPort On”. In the drop-down menu choose your connection. Enter the password and press “OK”. The connection is established.
Press the apple icon followed by “System Preferences”. In the tab Internet & Wireless click on “Network. Select “Airport” option and click the button “Turn AirPort On”. After the activation of Airport, a window pops up with the wireless connections. Select yours and click “turn on”.
Press the apple Icon followed by “System Preferences”. In the tab Internet & Wireless click on “Network. Select “Airport” option and click the button “Turn AirPort On”. Enable the option “show AirPort status in menu bar”. In the menu bar enable AirPort. Select your wireless network and enter the password.
Plug in the supplied power cable. Using an RF coaxial cable, connect one cable end to MY HUB connecting the other end to the ZON port. Using an Ethernet cable, connect the network card of your computer to any of the four Ethernet ports.
Open a browser and type the default router address 192.168.0.1. Enter the username and password (information available under the device). Click on “WIRELESS SETTINGS”. Activate WPA2-PSK (Wi-Fi Protected Access 2 Pre-Shared Key). Enter an alpha-numeric PASSWORD.
Open your browser and type the default address of the router 192.168.0.1 . Enter your username and password (info at the bottom of the device). . Click the “SET PASSWORD” option. Change the default password that and click the “APPLY” button to save the changes made.
Open your browser and type the default address of the router 192.168.0.1 . Insert your username and password (info at the bottom of the device). Click “WIRELESS SETTINGS” . Activate “ENABLE WIRELESS ACCESS POINT”. Click the “APPLY” button. Activate “ALLOW BROADCAST OF NAME (SSID)”. Keep or change the “NAME (SSID)”.
Connect the Modem to ZON outlet or to the coaxial cable. Connect the router to the computer (s) via the Ethernet cable and turn on the Wireless on your laptop or mobile phone. Connect the modem to the router WAN port through the second throughEthernet cable. Connect the modem and the router to the mains.
Open your browser and type the address of the default router 192.168.1.1 . Leave the ”Name” field blank , write the password “ADMIN” . Click on the “WIRELESS WIRELESS” switch. Click the “WIRELESS SECURITY” option. Select “WPA PRE - SHARED KEY” option. Select “TKIP” . Enter the “WPA Shared Key” .
Open your browser and type the address of the default router 192.168.1.1 . Leave the “Name” field blank and write the password “ADMIN” . Click the “ADMINISTRATION” option. Enter “NEW PASSWORD” . Confirm the new password. NEW PASSWORD . Click the “Save Setting”s button to save the changes made.
Open your browser and type the address of the default router 192.168.1.1 . Leave the “Name” field blank and write the password “ADMIN” . Click on the WIRELESS switch. Enter the SSID (name that identifies a wireless network) . Select the option in the “ENABLE WIRELESS BROADCAST SSID”. Click the “Save Settings” button to save the changes made.
Open the “Search” shortcut , type personalization , and then tap or click “Settings” . Tap or click “Personalization” . Choose a theme or individually change the options of the “Desktop Background, Color and Sound” .
Go to http://www.fon.com/pt enter the respective login details and login . Once on ZON @ FON page, click “EDIT PROFILE” . Choose what you want to change and enter your personal information..
Go to www.fon.com/pt , insert the respective login details and login . Once on ZON @ FON page, click MY HISTORY TRAVEL , in the upper right corner. Here you will find all the places you've been connected to, and can check when you did the last login, logout, duration, and traffic.
Access http://www.fon.com/pt , and enter data and make the respective login LOGIN Once on ZON @ FON page, click “CUSTOMIZE HOTSPOT”, located in the upper right corner . Here, you can confirm that your router has the MAC address that is indicated and is connected. You can also configure a new hotspot, if you need to and make it public.
Access www.fon.com /en, enter the respective login details and login. Once on ZON @ FON page, click “HISTORY OF MY ROUTER”, located in the upper right corner. From the Login, Logout , connection time , traffic used ( Downloads and Uploads ) and the nickname of the user data, you can see in detail who used your Hotspot .
Access maps.fon.com / en and click “MAPS PLACES”. On this map you can check the coverage of ZON @ FON hotspots in city areas where access is frequent or even a holiday destination in Portugal or abroad .
Go to zon.pt / myzon and enter your username and password. Under “Services”, click “Additional service”. Select the f-secure service online backup and click the subscribe button. Enter your details and click subscribe. A success message signals the end of the operation.
Click the executable file f-secure online backup. Set the installation language to Portuguese and click the “OK” button. Click the “Next” button. A success message signals the end of the operation. In order for the installation to be properly completed, restart the computer.
Access zon.pt / myzon and enter your username and password. Under “Services. Click “Additional service”. Select the f-secure Internet service protection and click the “subscribe” button. Enter your details and click subscribe. A success message signals the end of the operation.
Go to zon.pt / Mmyzon and enter your username and password. Click on the “Services tab > Additional services”, click “Internet protection”. Click the link to download the f-secure internet protection. Save the file on your computer.
This is found close to the place where you insert the SIM card. You must open the lid of the USB modem.
To change the PIN of the pen, just plug your ZON NET MOBILE application and go to “Settings”. In Security choose “Change PIN” and proceed to change it.
Connect the device to the USB port of your computer. Select the Portuguese language and press the “OK” button. Click “NEXT”. Click “ACCEPT”. Click “NEXT”.
Connect the device to the USB port of your computer. Select the Portuguese language and press the “OK” button. Click “NEXT”. Click “ACCEPT”. Click “NEXT”.
Click the icon “Zzon net mobile”. Enter your pin. Click the button to “Connect> sms > message”. Enter the desired phone number. After writing the message click the “Submit” button .
Remove bottom lid and remove the battery, insert the sim. Insert the battery again and put the lid.
Go to 192.168.1.1E enter the password and click the login button. Note: the default password is “Admin”. Select “Settings” and click “Next”. Set a profile and create a username and password. Select the auto mode and click “Next”. Set the name of your network, select “Enabled” and click “Next”. Set authentication on your network and click “next”. Click the “Finish” button. After configuring security, the router will restart .
Push the on/off button until an image appears on the screen. Click on the shortcut created in the desktop. Insert the pin of your SIM card. Click on the button “apply”. The warning message of “Success” marks the end of the authentication. You can now access the Internet. To allow access to wireless connections click on the Wi-Fi button.
Insert the address “webmail.zonmail.pt” on the browser followed by your username and password.
You should configure this option through webmail in https://webmail.zonmail.pt/, selecting the link Options > More Options and click on the option Forwarding e-mail.
Routers support up to 254 connections through network cable (RJ 45) and 16 to 32 wireless connections. These connections and navigations will depend on the type of the network and on the Wi-Fi connection.
To know your computer’s IP click on: Start > Run and type “command” or “cmd”. On the DOS window, type “ipconfig” and view your IP’s address.
To know the IP of your Macintosh click on: Apple > Preferences > Network and select the “Ethernet tab” or “Airport”, depending on your type of connection. View your IP address.
It’s the name given to the place where Wi-Fi technology is available and where it’s possible to access the Internet using equipment compatible with Wi-Fi. ZON@Fon Hotspots are the routers of each ZON client, the routers emits an open signal without using the private network of each client.
Nowadays, the connection speed is 3MB.
A signal repeater helps broadcast the signal of the router.
Skype is a program that allows the user to make voice calls and/or free video through the Internet to anyone that uses Skype. Skype also allows instant messages and sharing of files.
Skype converts audio and video in data packages and sends them through Internet to a specific destination. That’s how a Voice over Internet Protocol (VOIP) works. One of its advantages is to possess a peer-to-peer technology, in other words, the sender communicates directly with the receiver.
Dropbox is a cloud service that allows the upload of any type and any size of file. It’s one of the most used cloud services. Its interface is well designed, which allows that anyone can easily start saving data remotely and access it from any device.
It starts with 2 GB, but you can get more space. For example, for each person that you invite that starts using DropBox, your quota will expand 500 MB, until a maximum of 18 GB is reached. This is because there’s no limit on the size and type of file that you can upload to the cloud.
A digital certificate is a group of data that includes, among other elements, the identification of an entity (a person, for example) and its public key.
DHCP (Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol) is a protocol that allows several machines on the network to get their address from the network.
A processor (or CPU) is one of the main parts of the computer’s hardware and it’s responsible for the calculations, performing tasks and processing data. The speed at which the computer performs tasks or processes data is directly linked to the processor’s velocity.
The main function of DNS is to convert names into IPs and vice versa, save that information and share it.
A Firewall is simply a program or a hardware device that filters the information which comes to us from Internet connection, to our computer or private network. If a specific information package is referenced by the Firewall filters, the Firewall, in its simplicity, doesn’t let it enter.
Netmask is a term that you can find easily while configuring networks based on TCP/IP protocol. The mask is formed by 32 bits in the same format as the IP address and each bit 1 of the mask informs the part of the IP address that’s used for the network addressing, each bit 0 informs the part of the IP address that is used for the machine addressing.
There are some IP addresses that are known as magic addresses, which are IP addresses reserved for private networks. Therefore, you can build your TCP/IP network based on those addresses, that won’t manage conflict with the Internet’s IP addresses, because the Internet’s routers recognize those addresses as being part of a private network and they don’t pass the package orders that make reference to those addresses for the rest of the Internet.
Class A: 10.0.0.0 to 10.255.255.255 Class B: 172.16.0.0 to 172.31.255.255 Class C: 192.168.0.0 to 192.168.255.255
The ping command is often used to test the IP connectivity between equipments. Its functioning consists of sending ICMP packages to a destination equipment and waiting for a response that allows it to verify if the destination equipment is active or not, if there is package loss and the time at which it received the response.
The main function of the hard-disk is storing data and programs.
The microphone is located at the bottom of the device.
This is physically located at the rear of the machine below the power button.
Insert a paper clip to eject the micro SIM card tray. Insert, correctly, the micro SIM card in the tray. Re-insert the micro-SIM card tray in the slot.
To switch between the main screens, slide your finger to the left or to the right.
To open the notifications bar, slide your finger down from the top.
Continuously touch on the item and immediately afterwards, without raising your finger, slide your finger on the screen to the pretended position.
Go to Menu > Settings > Device > Sound.
Go to Menu > Settings > Device > Display.
To change the wallpaper of Nexus 7, access Settings > Device > Display > Wallpaper.
Go to Menu > Settings > Privacy and user accounts > Manage location settings. Click on “Location settings”. To disable the location report, click on “Location report > don’t update your location”. To disable the location history, uncheck the “Activate your location history” option.
Go to Settings > Device > Battery.
If Wi-Fi is turned off, turn it on. On the Wi-Fi settings screen, touch on the name of the network. Touch on “Forget”, on the presented window.
Access Settings > Wireless and network > More > VPN.
To activate NFC, access Settings > Wireless and network > More > NFC.
Go to Settings > Wireless and network. Slide the Bluetooth switch to on or off positions.
Go to Settings > Wireless and network, make sure that Bluetooth is activated. Tap on Bluetooth. On the Bluetooth screen, touch on the Menu > Change Tablet’s name icon.
Access “Settings > Personal > Security > Lock screen”. Touch on the pretended type of block and follow the instructions submitted on the screen.
Go to Settings > Personal > Security > Encryption > Encrypt the tablet.
Bring your thumb and index fingers together or move them apart.
Place two or more fingers on the item and rotate your hand.
To make the equivalent to a click with the right button of the mouse, press an item without releasing for a few seconds and, afterwards, release your finger and touch on the pretended option.
Open the “Settings” shortcut, tap or click on “Energy” then choose “Shut down”. You can also tap or click on the “Energy” icon on the login screen (on the right lower corner) to shut down Surface quickly.
When Surface is turned on, press and release the button to turn on/turn off or close the keyboard cover or the tactile cover.
Open the “Settings” shortcut, touch or click on “Energy” and, afterwards, choose “Restart”.
Yes, rotate Surface to the pretended orientation. Open the Settings shortcut and, afterwards, touch or click on “Screen”. Touch or click on the “Screen rotation” icon, which is a rectangle with arrows.
Open the “Settings” shortcut and, afterwards, touch or click on “Change PC settings”. Touch or click on “General”. Go down until “Screen” and, afterwards, define “Adjust automatically the brightness of my screen” as “No”.
Open the Settings shortcut and then tap or click on Keyboard (lower right corner). Tap or click on Tactile keyboard and manual writing panel.
When you activate Surface, the battery status is presented on the locked screen (left lower corner) or, when you make a gesture of scrolling starting from the right edge of the screen, the battery status is presented on the lower left corner of the screen.
On the Start Menu, write “control panel” and, afterwards, touch or click on “Control Panel” in the search results.
Ending the session closes all applications that you’ve been using. Block your account prevents it from being used (without closing all applications that you was using) and allows other people to log into the respective account.
On the Start screen, tap or click your account’s image in the upper right corner. Tap or click on an account. If you don’t see the desired account, tap or click on Change account, then select the desired account.
Open the shortcut Settings, tap or click on Change PC settings , then tap or click on Users. Under Login Options, tap or click on Create Image Password and follow the instructions displayed on the screen.
Locate the application you want to remove. To do this, you can locate the application’s icon on the Start screen or by using Search. Slide down or right-click on the application to select it. When you do so, the application commands will be presented on the lower part of the screen. Tap or click on Uninstall.
On the Start screen, tap or click on Store. Tap or click on Updates in the upper right corner. Tap or click on Install to install the updates for the selected applications.
Open the Search shortcut, type in customization, then tap or click on Settings. Tap or click on Customization. Choose a theme or individually change the Desktop Background, Color and Sounds.
Go to the Start screen and type the name of the Office application you want to pin in the task bar. Slide down on the search results application list. Tap or click on pin or unpin in the task bar.
Open the Shortcut Settings , then tap or click on Change PC Settings. Tap or click on Wireless. Make sure Bluetooth is active.
Under PC Settings, tap or click on Devices. Tap or click on Add a device. Select the Bluetooth device from the wireless device list.
The maximum is 64GB.
Open the Settings shortcut, then tap or click on the wireless network icon. If you are already connected to a network, the network name will appear underneath the wireless network bars. Tap or click the network which status is Connected. Tap or click on Disconnect.
Open the Settings shortcut, then tap or click on the wireless network icon. Set Flight mode as Active or Inactive.
Open the application commands (slide down from the very top of the screen or right- click). Tap or click on Day, Week or Month.
Tap or click on the day and time of the new appointment or event. Add details about the appointment, such as title, location and duration. Choose a calendar for the appointment. Tap or click on Show more to add options (like a reminder) and to invite people.
On the Start screen, tap or click on camera. Make sure video mode is deactivated. Tap the screen to take a picture.
On the Start screen, tap or click on Video, slide left, then tap or click on My Videos. Tap or click on the video you want to play. To see more options, slide down over the video.
Open the Settings shortcut, then tap or click on Change PC Settings. Slide down and tap or click on Windows Update. Next, tap or click on Search for updates.
Open the Settings shortcut, then tap or click on Change PC Settings. Tap or click on Privacy and make sure to verify that the applications that are able to use my location is active.
Open the Search shortcuts, type see updates history, then tap or click on Settings. Tap or click on See updates history in the search results. An update list will be shown .
It is a hardware component responsible for graphic processing. All images are processed by the graphic card.
A virtual machine is the name given to the software implementation of a machine, which runs programs like a real computer, also known as virtualization process
On the Start screen, press the up/down keys to access the settings, then press OK. Press the up/ down keys to navigate to Audio.
On the Start screen, press the up/down keys to access the settings, then press OK. Press the up/ down keys to navigate to Video.
On the Start screen, press the up/down keys to access the settings, then press OK. Press the up/down keys till Firmware upgrade.
Go to the Menu Screen > Network > Network Connections, Set the Network Type for cable and select Connect.
Confirm that the network cable is connected. If it is, make sure the router is plugged into the outlet. If it is plugged into the outlet, try unplugging it and plug the routerin again.
Make sure the DHCP server is active in the router and restart the router. If this solution does not work, contact the Internet service provider for more information.
Make sure the LAN Internet cable is connected to the external LAN port in the router. Verify the DNS settings in IP settings.
If you set the Network Type option to Wireless, you will automatically see a list of available wireless networks. Select the network (SSID) to which you want to establish the connection. If the desired wireless router does not appear on the list, select Add Network and enter the Network’s SSID manually. Enter the Security key and select Finish. If the selected network does not have an active security, the TV will try to connect immediately. The TV tries to establish a connection to the network. When the connection is established you will see a confirmation message. Select OK to continue. If this fails, try it again or try to establish the connection manually.
If you set the Network Type option to wireless, you will automatically see a list of available wireless networks. Select the network (SSID) to which you want to establish the connection. If the desired wireless router does not appear on the list, select Add Network and manually enter the network’s SSID. Enter the security key and select done. Select STOP when the TV attempts to establish a network connection. As soon as the network connection is interrupted, select IP settings. From the IP settings screen, set the IP Addressing option to manually enter the IP Address numbers, Sub-Network Mask, Gateway and DNS Server, then select OK.
If you set the Network Type option to Wireless, you will automatically see a list of available wireless networks. Select WPS (PBC), then press the WPS button in the router in less than two minutes. The TV will automatically receive the SSID settings and the security key and will establishe the network connection. Once the connection is established, you will see a confirmation message. Select OK to continue.
Verify that the router is connected , if it is, reset it. Enter the correct security key if it is requested.
Make sure the DHCP server is active in the router, unplug the router from the power supply and plug it again. Enter the correct security key if it is requested. If this solution does not work, contact the Internet service provider for more information.
Verify the settings in IP Settings. Enter the correct security key if requested.
Make sure the Internet LAN cable is connected to the router’s external LAN port. Verify the DNS settings in IP settings.
Screen Menu > Network > Network status.
Screen Menu > Network > Direct Wi-Fi, Activate the Direct Wi-Fi option on the mobile device, then start the Direct Wi-Fi function. The TV will search and automatically display a list of available devices. The TV’s name will also appear on the mobile device. Select the device from the list to start the connection. If the device receives a connection request from the TV, you will see a permission message on the device and vice-versa. Accept the request to connect a mobile device to the TV.
Screen Menu > Network > Device Name.
The default IP is 192.168.0.90
Open the Computer by clicking the Start button, (the image of the Start button), and then clicking Computer. Right click on the hard drive you want to check, and then click Properties. Click the Tools tab and then, in Check for errors, click Check Now.  Administrator permission is required. If you are asked for an administrator password or a confirmation, type the password or provide the confirmation.
Open Properties from Taskbar and Navigation with the scroll gesture from the right edge of the screen, touching Find (or, if you are using a mouse, pointing to the upper right corner of the screen, moving the mouse pointer down and then clicking Find), introducing the taskbar into the search box and then tapping or clicking Taskbar and Navigation in the results. Tap or click the Navigation tab, and then tap or click the check box When I sign in or close all applications on a screen, go to the desktop instead of Start. Then tap or click OK.
Open Properties from Taskbar and Navigation with the scroll gesture from the right edge of the screen, touching "Find" (or, if you are using a mouse, pointing to the upper right corner of the screen, moving the mouse pointer down and then clicking Find), introducing the taskbar into the search box and then tapping or clicking Taskbar and Navigation in the results. Tap or click the Navigation tab, and then tap or click the check box Show the apps view automatically when I go to Start. Then tap or click OK.
Yes, to open Start, make a scroll gesture from the right edge of the screen and tap Start.  Make the scroll gesture from the right edge of the screen and then tap Settings. Tap or click Customize, and then tap or click the background, background color and highlight color you want.
On the Start screen, press and hold the tile you want to move. Drag the tile to where you want.
On the Start screen, press and hold the tile you want to resize. Tap or click Resize and select the desired size.
Make a scroll gesture from the right edge of the screen and then tap Find. Enter Hide or show updates in the search box, and then tap or click Hide or show updates. If you have important updates, click the link that indicates that there are important updates available. If you have optional updates, click the link that indicates that optional updates available. Select any update that you want to hide, hold down or click the right mouse button on it and then tap or click Hide update.
Open the Control Panel with the scroll gesture from the right edge of the screen, by tapping Find, by entering Control Panel in the search box and then tapping, or by clicking Control Panel. Tap or click System and Security, and then tap or click Windows Update. Tap or click Restore hidden updates. Select the update that you want to install and then tap or click Restore.
When you start the PC after missing a scheduled update, Windows searches for updates. You can install them immediately or postpone them. If the PC is on during the next scheduled update, the updates will be installed at that time. You can also install the available updates when you shut down your PC.
Some updates apply to files or services that Windows is using, so they cannot be installed while Windows is running. You should save your work, close the open applications, and then restart the PC to complete the update process.
Try repeating the search for updates. If step 1 does not work, try running Windows Update Troubleshooter.
Download this software http://go.microsoft.com/?linkid=9666880 and run it.
Open the Desktop, then tap or click the Internet Explorer icon on the taskbar. Tap or click the "Tools" button, then tap or click "About Internet Explorer". Select the check box "Install new versions automatically", then tap or click "Close".
Open the Desktop, then tap or click the Internet Explorer icon on the taskbar. Tap or click the "Tools" button, then tap or click "About Internet Explorer". Clear the check box "Install new versions automatically", then tap or click "Close".
Click "Start", click "Control Panel" (make sure you are in Classic View) and double-click "Add or Remove Programs". In "Currently installed programs", select the mouse software you want to remove and click "Change".
If the pointer was moved to the edge of the screen and is no longer visible, try moving it in different directions until you can see it on the screen. Some programs make the pointer disappear when passing certain areas. Try moving the pointer to a different area and see if it reappears.
Some laptops use a magnetic field to detect whether the lid is closed. If your mouse has a magnetic charging cable and it goes too close to your computer, it can activate the standby mode. To avoid this problem, keep the magnetic charging cable away from the laptop keyboard.
Yes, as long as it is USB and it come with the drivers for your operating system. You can verify this information on the manufacturer's website.
Yes, you can use this page: http://cloudmonitor.ca.com/en/ping.php
In the Wii U menu, select "Console Settings". Using the left handlebar, select the Internet icon and press the A Button. Select "Connect to the Internet".
In the "Home" menu, access Console Settings. Select Internet Settings > Connection Settings > New Connection > Search Access Point.
Connect your PS Vita system. Touch on "Network" and select "Wi-Fi Settings". Select your access point from the list. Introduce the data network access.
Turn on the computer network cable to the router and go to http://192.168.1.1. On the login page, enter the username: admin and password: admin.
In the upper left corner, there is an "off" box. Change to the time you wish to logout.
Go to "System Maintenance" menu > "Administrator Password".
Type hostname.
At the command prompt, type "ipconfig/release" and enter. Then type "ipconfig/renew" and enter.
To send voice messages, simply click the microphone button before you start typing a message.
The microphone next to the messages you have not still heard is green; if you have already heard the message, it is blue.
Go to "Menu Button" > "Settings" > "Account Info" > "Change My Number". Enter your current WhatsApp phone number in the box at the top. Insert the new phone number in the bottom box. Select "Done" to continue.
Disconnect from Wi-Fi and use the data connection from your service provider. Log into your Wi-Fi network. This can usually be done by opening the browser on your phone and navigating to the home page.
Open WhatsApp and access the "Conversations" window. Tap the "Menu Button" > "New Group". Enter a subject or title. This will be the name of the group seen by all members. Add a photo to the group, which will appear in the list of "Conversations". To add members to the group, press the "+" icon or type the name of the contact. Tap the "Create" button when finished.
Open the group Chat. Tap the group name. Select "Add Participants". Select or search for the contact you want to add.
Go to WhatsApp and access the Chats window. Tap and hold a conversation. Select "Remove” and leave the group.
Go to the group Chat. Tap the title of the group. Tap the "Edit" button in the upper right corner. Choose a new name for the group.
Go to the group Chat. Tap the title of the group. Tap the current icon of the group. Tap the "Edit" button in the upper right corner. Choose a new icon by browsing your photo gallery, taking a picture or searching the web.
Go to a group conversation. Press the "Menu Button" and select "Mute". Select the range you want.
Go to WhatsApp > "Menu Button" > "Settings" > "Chat Settings". Tap "Backup Conversations".
Click and hold on an individual conversation or group. Select "Send e-mail conversation".
Go to WhatsApp > "Menu Button" > "Settings". Select "Profile". Click on your profile photo to take a new picture for your profile or select from your gallery. Click the "Edit" button to change the name that is visible to your contacts.
Go to WhatsApp > "Menu Button" > "Status". Choose a standard status or personalize one. To create a custom status, click the button and press OK.
Open WhatsApp and go to the Chat from which you want to delete the message. Tap and hold the message. If you want, select more than one messages. Choose "Remove" from the menu.
In the Chat window, tap and hold the conversation you want to delete. Select "Remove Chat" or "Remove and leave the group” from the menu.
Open WhatsApp > "Settings" > "Chat Settings". Scroll down to the bottom of the page and tap "Delete all conversations" or "Clear all conversations". The option "Delete all conversations" erases all conversations and messages. "Clear all conversations" deletes all messages, but leaves the conversations window open in the Chats list .
Reboot your phone. Update WhatsApp to the latest version. Disconnect and reconnect the Wi-Fi.
Open WhatsApp. Press the "Menu Button" > "Settings" > "Notifications" > "Conversation Sounds ". Uncheck the box to disable the sounds. Check the box to activate the sounds.
Open WhatsApp. Press the "Menu Button" > "Settings" > "Account Info" > "Delete my account". Enter your phone number in full international format and tap "Delete my account".
Go to "Settings" > "Applications" > "WhatsApp" > "Uninstall". Reboot your phone.
It is software developed by Google that lets you view satellite images of the earth.
Click "Tools" > "Options". Click the "General" tab. In the "Language Settings" section, choose the desired language. The default system matches the language used by your computer's operating system.
Yes, you can go to this site: https://code.google.com/apis/ajax/playground/
In Google Play, download Google Chrome for Android. Tap "Install". Touch on "Accept" and download.
Visit the Apple App Store on your device. Tap "Free". Tap "Install". Enter your Apple ID password and tap OK.
Tap the Google Chrome menu > "Settings"> "Sign in to Chrome". Select the account you want to use and tap "Login".
Tap the Google Chrome menu > "Settings" > "Your e-mail" > "Disconnect your Google Account". In the confirmation dialog box, tap "Disconnect".
On Android devices, tap the "omnibox" (address bar). On iOS devices, tap the Google Chrome menu > star icon. If necessary, edit the name and address of the bookmark. Choose a folder for the bookmark. You can also create a new folder by tapping the folder menu and "New Folder". Tap "Save".
Tap the Google Chrome > "Favorites" menu. Tap the bookmark you want to visit.
Tap the Google Chrome menu> "Settings" > "Google Chrome Menu" > "Import Bookmarks". Tap "Import" to copy your Android browser favorites.
Tap the menu Google Chrome > "Favorites". Tap and hold the bookmark you want to edit or delete.
Tap the Google Chrome menu > "Add to Home Screen".
Tap the Google Chrome > "Settings" > "Save password". Use the blue slider on the top of the screen to enable or disable this feature.
Tap the Google Chrome menu > "Settings" > "Save Passwords". Select the password you want to remove. Tap "Delete".
Touch Google Chrome menu > Settings > Save password. Touch in Edit.
Tap Google Chrome menu> Settings> (Advanced) Content Settings> Google Translator. Slide the Google Translator to On or Off position.
Touch Google Chrome menu> Settings. Touch “(Advanced) Privacy”. Select “Clear browsing data”.
Tap on Google Chrome menu> Settings. Select Privacy. Choose the data that you want to erase. Tap on “Clear”.
Go to Searching settings on http://www.google.com/preferences. Disable the filter on Safe search section.
This error may be due to the fact that the site you are trying to access is infected with a virus.
Consolidating your library keeps your playlists, ratings, play count, and other information saved, which makes synchronization an easy process by clicking and dragging.
In iTunes press “Edit” (in Windows) or “iTunes” (in Mac OS X). Select “Preferences > Advanced”. Choose options: “Keep iTunes Media folder organized” and “Copy files to iTunes Media folder when adding to libray” in order to select them. Click “OK” to copy all your media files from your iTunes library to the iTunes media folder on the top screen. Click File move the cursor over Library... and select “Organize Library”. Click on the buttons “Consolidate files” and “Update” to organize media from iTunes and to organize your media files in specific folders such as Music, Movies, Software, etc. Click “OK”.
In your computer go to media folder in iTunes. Drag the folder to the flash drive and wait till the folders are copied.
Open “Preferences”, in iTunes, click on the Advanced Icon and check out the location of the media folder.
In iTunes go to “Edit” and click “Preferences”. Select “Playback” and choose “Sound Check”. iTunes will analyze your library and automatically adjust all music to play at the same volume level.
Right click on the music then in Get Info> Options. Use the volume adjustment. Slide to the left to decrease the volume and to the right to increase it. Click “OK”.
It is possible to change a folder location. In Preferences click in Advanced and then in Change… Select a new folder.
In Preferences> Advanced select the option “Keep iTunes Media folder organized”.
In iTunes click File > Add to Library and find the folder where your songs are at. Click in the “Open” option on the lower part of the window to add the music without duplications.
Go to “Edit> Preferences> Advanced”. Deselect option “Copy files to iTunes Media folder when adding to library”, click “OK”. Now it is possible to import files to iTunes without duplications.
In iTunes click File > Add to Library and search for the files that you want to import and click “Open”.
A RMVB file, is a shortened version for Real Media Variable Bitrate and they are used with the Real Player programs. It is a video file that can be reproduced in a broad type of players.
Download and install RealPlayerSP. The media player can be downloaded on the Realnetworks website.
A podcast is an audio or video file distributed over the Internet, usually through a RSS feeds (Really Simple Sindication) subscription-based service, it can be easily loaded to your pc, MP3 and MP4 players or mobile phone.
You can use the app iPP Podcast Player you find on Google Play.
On the left side of iTunes window, click in ITunes store and select podcasts on top of the main page to see the available podcasts. Once you find the podcast you want click on it. Select free of charge, to download every single episode of the podcast or sign up for the podcast.
In Preferences click in “Advanced”, and then in “Import settings” tab. Remove the check mark from the box “Play music during import or conversation”.
It is a music file from Apple. The AAC format (Advanced Audio Coding) is not compatible with some music players.
In iTunes, go to Preferences> General. Click the button that says Import Settings and change the selection in the first drop-down menu from AAC Encoder to MP3 Encoder. Press the OK button.
In iTunes, select the songs you want to convert, click the right button and select Create MP3 Version.
Yes, to access the equalizer, click Window> Equalizer or View> Show Equalizer.
When you create an account for an Apple service, such as the iTunes Store or App Store, you are creating an Apple ID.
To recover your Apple ID, go to this page http://Appleid.Apple.com/ and follow the instructions.
It is not possible. You can use your preferred ID in the future.
It is advisable to change your Apple ID according to the e-mail that you currently use.
It is likely that someone tried several times to login with the wrong credentials and the account was deactivated to prevent unauthorized people from gaining access to your information. To reset your password, follow the instructions on this page http://Appleid.Apple.com
It is not possible. You can access your account and delete all data (email, address, credit card) but the account will stay active.
It is necessary to have the Find My iPhone app on your computer, which is available as part of Apple's MobileMe service.
Login to your account and where it says Country / Region, click Change country or region
You only need to provide your name and your contact information. If you want to buy something, you must enter it too.
From the iTunes menu select the option Store, and then Exit or Logout.
Click the App Store icon on the iPhone home screen. Go to Highlights > Account. Select the Exit option in the dialog window that appears. Click Register > Use existing account. Enter your Apple ID.
It's a social network like Facebook used as a resource for professional career development, to increase visibility within your professional network.
Click the down arrow next to your name in the upper right corner of LinkedIn. In Account and Settings> Profile, click the link Activate/Deactivate your activity broadcasts. Remove the check mark in the Activity Broadcasts dialog box and click the button Save Changes. LinkedIn will deactivate activity broadcasts, meaning that your contacts will no longer see your updates in their homepages.
Click the down arrow next to your name in the upper right corner of LinkedIn. In Account and Settings > Profile, click the link Select who can see your activity feed. Select Only you in the list of checkboxes and click the button Save Changes. When users visit your LinkedIn profile, the Activity box will no longer be displayed.
In the LinkedIn page, select Settings > Account & Settings> Edit your public profile. Select the option Make my public profile visible to Nobody.
Click the link Create Event on the desired group. Click the Calendar icon, to the right of the header option When? and select the event date. Click the floating arrow to the right of the calendar icon and select the time of the event. Click the Create Event button to create an event for the Facebook group.
Search for Ticker Factory in the search field at the top of your Facebook page. Click the magnifying glass icon. Click Applications in the left column. Click View application and then click Go to App. Follow the instructions.
Select the files you want to merge and right click, Open With> Preview. Click the button that says Sidebar. Click each file and drag it over the first file. Save this file.
A web server can be a computer program responsible for accepting HTTP requests from clients, for example, to enter the site www.pcmedic.pt.
MAC Address (Media Access Control) is a physical address associated with the communication interface that connects a device to the network.
You can download the MEO Drive from Google Play.
No, MEO Drive does not require an Internet connection.
In MEO Drive, go to Options > Alerts, click legal speed limit, and in alerts and put OFF.
You can use the Page Manager application that you can find on Google Play.
The maps of Portugal are free but you can acquire maps for other countries
You can use the program Ringtone Maker which you can find on Google Play.
Shazam is an application that recognizes music and multimedia playing, and indicate the name and author of the content.
Yes, you will have to install the Amazon Kindle app, and enter your Amazon credentials. In this way, you will be able to download the acquired book onto your phone.
Kindle is an e-book reader produced by Amazon.com that lets you read books. It also consists of electronic books sold by Amazon
This is normal, but you will not have any cost to get the book if it is free
You will have to install the Google Play Books application that you can find on Google Play.
If your Mac has at least 2G memory and MAC OS 10.6.8 or higher, you can install directly in the online Apple store.
Click the Apple icon in the upper left corner and then select About this Mac
The map will not be modifiable once you insert it into a document.
We recommend using Google Drive, where you can easily create a form without having to pay.
In Google Drive, select the file you want to share. Click the Share icon (the first one), and select the visibility. Finally enter the e-mails of people with whom you want to share the file.
The file will save the modifications of both people.
Try using Prezi (www.Prezi.com)
Prezi is a cloud software made in HTML5, used to create non-linear presentations, and can replace the better known PowerPoint.
At the top right is a button that says, "Scan". Click it.
Open ZoneAlarm, and go to Tools > Game Mode
Open ZoneAlarm, go to Tools > Scheduled Task
Yes, open ZoneAlarm, then go to Tools > Preferences> Set Password...
Open the ZoneAlarm panel, go to Tools > Preferences and check if they have a view that says Load ZoneAlarm Free Antivirus + Firewall at startup
A web cache is a temporary storage for web pages, images and other documents and files on the hard drive, using caching techniques to reduce the available bandwidth usage and increase access speed, among other advantages.
Latency period is the time difference between the start of an event and the time when its effects become perceivable. In the case of computing, it is the time it takes an action to be performed, such as from the moment you click to open a page until the time that it opens.
In computer science, a buffer (retainer) is a region of physical memory storage used to temporarily store data while they are being moved from one place to another.
In computer science, a host is a machine or computer connected to a network, which offers information, resources, services and applications.
You can test the following procedures: Reinstall Skype, Update Windows, Make sure you have the latest version of DirectX, Make sure your firewall settings are correct.
You can download it at this link: http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=35
Download Skype for Ubuntu 32-bit. You need i386. When prompted, select Open with Ubuntu Software Center.  On the right side of the open Ubuntu Software Center window, select Install.
Download Skype for Debian 7.0 (multiarch). http://www.Skype.com/pt/download-Skype/Skype-for-linux/
In the terminal, type "sudo yum-y install qt-libXv.i686 libXScrnSaver.i686 qt.i686 x11.i686 pulseaudio-libs.i686 pulseaudio-libs-glib2.i686 alsa-plugins-pulseaudio.i686 qtwebkit.i686," download and install Skype for Fedora 16 32-bit.
You will need to download Windows XP Service Pack 3. After installing, open Skype normally.
Download it at this link http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=24
The minimum download and upload bandwidth is 30 kbps / 30 kbps.
Yes. You can run Skype for Android and use all the features on 3G, 4G and Wi-Fi networks. There can be data charges from your service provider to use the app on 3G or 4G networks.
OS Version> Windows XP Service Pack 3, Processor with least 1 GHz, at least 256 MB RAM, Additional DirectX v9.0 Software or higher
OS Version> Mac OS X v10.6 "Snow Leopard", minimum Intel 1 GHz Dual Core processor, at least 1 GB of RAM, additional software: the latest version of QuickTime
Ubuntu OS Version 10.04 + Debian 6.0 + Fedora 16 + OpenSUSE 12.1 + at least 1 GHz processor, at least 256 MB RAM. Additional Software: Qt 4.6, D-Bus 1.0.0, libasound 1.0.18, Pulse Audio 1.0 (recommended), BlueZ 4.0 (recommended)
Close Skype and make sure that Skype is no longer running. On the keyboard, press the Windows and R keys to open the dialog box Run. Type appwiz.cpl, and then click OK. In the list, click the right mouse button in Skype and select Remove or Uninstall.
Connect to Skype. Press the phone menu button or tap the menu icon. Select Settings. In the menu, select Connect automatically.
Connect to Skype. Press the phone menu button or tap the menu icon. Select Settings. Select Stay offline
Connect to Skype. Press the phone menu button or tap the menu icon. Select Settings. Select the option Sync Contacts.
Connect to Skype. Press the phone menu button or tap the menu icon. Select Settings. Then click where it says Notifications.
Connect to Skype. Press the phone menu button or tap the menu icon. Select Settings. Then select the option Answer automatically.
Connect to Skype. Press the phone menu button or tap the menu icon. Select Settings. Then click where it says Enable video calls.
Connect to Skype. Press the phone menu button or tap the menu icon. Select Settings. Change where it says Video quality.
It depends. If you want to test new functionality without having to wait, accepting the fact that it compromises the reliability of the application, then beta versions are a strong candidate.
This error happens when you try to install more than one program at the same time. If you are not installing another program, restart your computer and try installing the program again.
Start Skype, Tap "..." select Settings and then About.
Start Skype, tap your profile picture, touch “...” and select Help.
Start Skype, Tap Profile > About Skype.
Start Skype. On the Home screen, press the menu button or tap the menu icon on devices with Android 3.0 or later and select About.
Start Skype. Tap Options in the lower left corner of the screen and select About Skype.
Start Skype. Tap the menu icon and select About.
On the Home screen, quickly slide left to the Applications list. Tap Settings> About> More info.
Tap a word. Drag the arrows at each end of the highlighted text to include the first and last words you want to copy. Touch Copy.
Open the file, application or message where you want to paste the text. Tap where you want to paste the text. In the text suggestions bar above the keyboard, tap Paste
Hold down the Previous button to view up to five of the most recently used applications, or quickly slide to the right to view all open applications and then tap the application you want to open.
On the Home screen, quickly slide left to the Applications list and then tap Settings > Battery Conservation.
On the Home screen, quickly slide left to the Applications list and then tap Settings > Airplane mode. Set the status to ON.
On the Home screen, quickly slide left to the Applications list and then tap Settings > Mobile Network. Set the data connection to OFF.
On the Home screen, quickly slide left to the Applications list and then in Settings tap the Settings icon. Tap Brightness. Disable Adjust automatically and then select the level you want to use instead.
This is caused by problems with the file installation in your computer's registry. Download this software http://support.microsoft.com/mats/Program_Install_and_Uninstall/pt-br, run it, then try to install the latest version of Skype.
This error happens in older versions of the software. Try to update it.
All destination ports above 1024 (recommended).  Ports 80 and 443
Yes, for calls between Skype users.
Open the ZoneAlarm panel. Click on View Anti-Virus Details. Change it to enable where it says Real-time Protection.
Open ZoneAlarm, and then click View Firewall Details, then change to off where it says Firewall.
Yes
No, advertising is incorporated and impossible to remove.
No, they are incompatible.
You can find the latest versions of the Facebook applications by accessing our Facebook page for mobile devices, or by visiting your mobile phone's app store (e.g. iPhone App Store, Google Play).
Tap the main menu in the top left corner, and descend to the bottom part > Logout
Go to the menu, then descend to the bottom of the menu. Touch Account Settings> Notifications> Push mobile content. Mark which notifications you want to receive or clear the content whose notifications you do not want to receive.Batch2_answers_en.txtBatch2_answers_en.txt
