I was typing in something and then a blank page appeared before my text, and I do not know how to remove it
I don't have internet access. Can you help me configure my router?
I cannot copy music to an external disc.
I cannot connect to the wireless network.
I cannot access my email account. Can you help me?
I cannot configure my sapo account on my iPhone.
I don't have WiFi on my mobile phone.
I'vegot an email that been sent to the junk folder, how do I get it back?
I'd like to boost my operating system
How do I change the NAT type on my PS3?
My IP has been blacklisted.
I want to know if my antivirus has detected a problem.
I cannot receive e-mails. I think my IP's been blacklisted. What should I do?
Print PDF
Without Wi-Fi
How to restore the system
How to update my computer
I cannot access the Internet on my mobile phone.
My computer does not turn on.
Where can I find the password for my home wireless network?
I have a problem logging into Skype.
I don't have Internet. An icon with a red cross appears.
I need help deleting duplicate files from my computer.
I do not have wireless internet.
I do not detect my wireless network, but I do detect others [wireless networks].
I don't have access to the cable network
I cannot install my wireless USB modem adapter.
I get no wireless internet access on my iPad.
How to configure a ZON repeater
I can’t see anything on my screen. What should I do?
Connect PS3 to the network.
I cannot open a port on the router.
I do not have wireless or cable internet.
I cannot see my wireless network.
How do I connect a WOW router to a fixed PC?
I have no wireless internet access.
I do not have access to my wireless network.
What is my network password?
When I am watching videos, they often stop.
Help on installing a printer.
Problems accessing www.isssp.pt.
I left my PC in stand-by and it's stopped working.
How do I change the password of my router?
How do I know if I have viruses on my computer
My desktop has disappeared.
How do I change the network key for my home wireless network?
Is it mandatory to put my phone number on Facebook?
How do I update Java?
When I try to type, random menus pop up.
I cannot print to my network printer.
Where can I perform a speed test?
Changing the password on sapo email
I receive emails but I cannot send them.
I cannot boot into Windows. Can you help me?
The antivirus is not working.
My PlayStation 3 does not detect the network cable.
The Wow router does not work with a USB cable, it only works on Wi-Fi.
What are the necessary credentials to access the internet through PT Wi-Fi?
Can an ADB router be used as signal repeater?
My computer slows down only when I'm using Gmail.
Facebook has been blocked by requests. How do I fix this?
I would like to have a Hotmail shortcut.
Which antivirus should I keep, MSE or AVG?
I want to print an image placed on the desktop.
I can't use the Wi-Fi on the mobile phone.
Wrong wireless network password.
Change Wi-Fi networks name.
My PC does not have sound.
I cannot enter MyZON, data error.
I want to see my bookmarks appear on the toolbar in IE [Internet Explorer].
I cannot send emails through Outlook.
I only get internet access if I am connected via my modem, I do not have internet on my router.
I want to change the homepage in Google Chrome. How do I do this?
I do not have internet. The lights of my router are red.
I have the toolbar on the right side of the screen and I want to move it to the bottom.
My antivirus detected a virus. What should I do?
Read H.265 files
How do I start my computer after hibernating?
Connecting a router to the ZON modem.
Problems accessing the game server.
I have not had wireless for 3 days.
I have a faulty hard disk. Can I use the internet?
I do not have internet. The init light is flashing red and green.
I changed the email password and now I do not receive emails on my PCs.
How to do an email backup (webmail.sapo.pt)
My router is constantly restarting.
I have no internet through wireless; I get a connection only if I connect directly through my modem.
The computer screen is striped.
I do not have internet on one PC.
I cannot access my router's internal page.
I want to scan a document and do not know how.
Slow connection at a specific time.
Create a new email account
The Antivirus has expired.
I do not have network and notifications icons next to the time display
How do I clean the computer?
I cannot enter the password of the net. It only lets you write numbers but it also has letters.
Without internet access on my Smartphone.
Why is the internet so slow?
Configure Outlook Express email account
My ZON router is rebooting constantly.
I changed my wireless network password and now I can't connect to my network.
How do I access ZON_FON?
I cannot connect to my wireless network. It asks for an 8 digit PIN and the router has a 9 digit PIN.
No internet access through the wireless network.
How do I delete Outlook 2007 emails?
My internet's really slow.
It says the email cannot attach files of a certain size
How do I activate Microsoft Office?
I cannot access my Facebook account.
Subscribe to PT Wi-Fi
How do I send photos from the cellphone to the computer?
How to configure email on an Android OS?
I don't have email on Outlook.
What is the name of Meo's free wi-fi network
A DNS error messageis showed in my browser.
My network card is displaying as not installed
I can't enter MyZON.
A message saying “limited access” appears on the right hand corner.
Is the Internet better accessed through wireless or through cable?
Opening of aspx files
How do I view many TV channels during my stay in the hospital?
I would like to create a free Fon ZON account.
I have files that don’t open.
How do I create a SAPO email being a MEO client?
How to access ZON online
Without PT Wi-Fi access
I cannot access PT Wi-Fi.
Watch Sport TV on the iPad
How do I access a wireless network using an Android tablet?
I cannot receive emails on Outlook
Without ADSL connection
There is no image on the external monitor
The antivirus gets a constant errors.
I can't access a specific internet page.
A program that I don't want has been installed on my computer
Without access via wireless, pc does not detect any wireless network
I can't access my cameras.
Connect the monitor to a desktop
I can't access the application 3D subtitle.
the video card with manufacturer drivers in normal mode does not work.
Activate hibernation mode in Windows XP
Can I do a Windows Update?
Whenever I open a page in Internet Explorer, a message shows up about add-on errors. Can you help me?
I want to install ccCleaner.
I cannot access webmail.
How do I change the position of the windows bar?
When I connect the broad band USB modem to the computer, it shows that it is starting up and then does not go further than this step.
I cannot see YouTube videos properly
I get a wrong password in my Outlook email.
Wi-Fi network connection with the local access only.
I formatted my PC and now I don’t have internet
Doesn't open a specific website.
I don’t have internet access by cable.
I can't access the DVR from the outside.
I don't know the values of vpi and vci
How do I open the ports for a game?
I cannot access the internal page of the router with the factory settings.
I don't have internet with my USB modem and I get error 678
Without sound on a Skype call
The iPad has no wireless internet but the Pc has
I cannot access the settings of ZONhub by wireless
Only one PC has no wireless access
I do not have cabled internet
Ads show up when I open an internet page.
I'd like to deactivate the wireless on my router
I do not have internet on my PC through cable, on my cell phone I have wireless internet
The wireless connection icon does not appear.
Remove the Outlook 2007 email account
How do I change the homepage in Internet Explorer?
No internet access either by wireless or by cable
How do I shut down a Windows 8 computer?
How do I get an email address?
No access to website http://www.clubeamizade.com/
Error 720 in kanguru USB modem
I cannot download games from google play onto my tablet. I get a white blank page when I open google play.
My laptop turns itself off when I unplug the charger from the outlet. How should I proceed?
I need help to install my webcam on my new PC with windows 8
How to open files with adobe reader?
How do I connect a new laptop to the wireless network?
I cannot take a photo on skype
My PC does not turn on.
How do I change the desktop wallpaper on my mac?
Slow boot up
Restore a backup of the emails to Outlook
I would like to create a Gmail account
Problems with MEO GO
My PC has frozen and I can't shut it down.
My Start menu does not have the color I want.
My monitor has the OSD option blocked
I don't have internet access through my signal amplifier.
Wireless keyboard does not work.
I have two computers that cannot connect.
Can I connect to ZON@Fon Free in any location?
I do not have sound on my desktop
I want to activate Gmail's anti-spam
I work with google but now it shows the Ask [toolbar] and I don't know how to remove it.
My iTunes does not detect the Ipad
When I open the internet [browser] ,Google does not open, it opens another website.
My anti-virus is blocked because I have to pay for it
After a thunderstorm 3 of the router's LAN ports have stopped working.
I can´t perform the speed test.
I have an IP [address] conflict and I can´t connect to the server.
I need help installing Skype
I need help installing Open Office
What are WEP and WPA?
Internet Explorer runs very slowly and it displays errors when opening certain pages.
My ZON phone free Wireless network disconnects frequently.
Problems downloading the updated version of the PlayStation network.
How to configure an e-mail account in Thunderbird
There is a spot in the house where I get a very weak signal, but I'm only 20 steps away from the router.
Whenever I open an internet webpage it shows me that the server certificate is not available.
What is my contracted internet speed?
Free home video editing program
My PC Wireless connection is limited or non-existent.
I can´t make a video call on Gmail.
How do I remove a toolbar from the Chrome toolbar
Where can I access Gmail?
My mobile phone doesn´t find any [wireless] networks.
I can´t connect to the wireless network. It displays the message “Incorrect Key”.
I can´t view movies in IE
My computer screen is upside down.
I can´t run Skype.
When I open Internet Explorer by clicking the start button, there is a message telling me that it will run without adds-on enabled.
I want to install Microsoft Security Essentials
Can I connect my Android device to a wireless network?
When I receive emails on my Pc I do not receive in any other computer.
I cannot open Google Chrome.
What are the MEO DNSes?
The TV image freezes when I turn on the app TP-link.
Where can I find the network key?
I lose my internet connection when I turn on Skype. What should I do?
Problems viewing PDFs.
The keyboard has stopped working.
I have more than one antivirus, is there a problem?
Low speed.
I cannot access the Bank of Brazil website.
How do I open port 80 on the router for an ip?
I do not know how to share videos and music.
Ever since I changed the password of the wireless network, I've lost access to the wireless network.
I have a picture on Facebook that I would like to set as profile picture.
I want to deactivate my Facebook account.
IP conflict
My computer is very slow.
I cannot access the cable internet in the garage.
I do not have internet on my computer.
My mouse has frozen and not responding. How can I unfreeze it?
I cannot open pages through Internet Explorer.
I changed the network name and the password on a computer. How can I connect to the network with another computer?
I want to change the network name.
I cannot view web pages. It gives me a certificate error.
I cannot get on the computer because it does not accept my usual password.
How can I view documents from Gmail Drive?
I want to install printer software on the computer.
I am receiving all emails in duplicate in the mailbox.
Edit PDF files
Changing the e-mail password.
How do I check if I have internet?
I want to change my IP but I always get the same one.
I want to remove my Windows account password.
Letters are very small.
My computer is updating. Can I leave it turned on?
I cannot access my gmail because I lost the password.
My keyboard does not work.
I lost access to the surveillance cameras.
My router is restarting constantly.
I performed a system restore and do not have access to internet.
I cannot open emails from IE
They've changed my router and now my printer has stopped printing
I need to copy a list of addresses to a new email, but the list that was saved in Word disappeared.
I'm trying to send an email with an attachment, but the attachment in the message is discarded.
I cannot add VoIP numbers.
What is the best machine for gaming?
I cannot delete photos from Facebook.
I cannot receive email in Outlook but on another device I can.
My computer is asking to install updates.
The Phone Zon free page appears and I cannot leave it.
I want to install Google Chrome. Can you help me?
When I turn on my computer it beeps, only stops when windows starts and I cannot insert/delete the password.
I cannot connect the PS3 to the wireless network.
I'm without internet access. Can you help me?
A virus appears when I start my PC.
I want to open ports in Technicolor for the FIFA game
I cannot connect a PC to the internet via wireless.
I cannot access the emails
The Word [program] disappeared.
Can the student version of Office be used in a business environment? I am a working student.
I have a printer that is not working. What can I do?
I want to uninstall some programs from Windows.
I cannot open Google. It gives me an error saying “this connection is not trusted”
Google Chrome freezes when I open multiple web pages.
I cannot register.
I lost access to my Facebook page.
I cannot install Java.
I got a message that Windows is not genuine.
Printer does not print through wireless.
I cannot connect to network. I get a keyword error, despite having the correct key.
Error 797 with the Kanguru USB modem.
The image from the PC appears stretched on the TV screen
I cannot send emails on the iPhone
I formatted my computer and now I have no access to the internet with an USB wireless modem.
I cannot find a person on Facebook. I do not know if he is blocked.
I cannot connect one of my computers to my wireless network.
I want to install a program.
I cannot access my Gmail account.
A game gives me an error in Windows 8.
Registration of ZON fon.
I want to connect the router to the ZON modem.
Viber disappeared from my smartphone.
How do I delete browsing data from Google Chrome?
I want to edit photos.
I cannot log in fon ZON.
The lights of the router are not correct.
I cannot open websites with the .com domain. Can you help me?
Antivirus installation
How can I put ZON online on the tablet?
Where can I find the password for the wireless network?
I have a micro SD card in the cellphone. Can I put one in with a larger capacity?
I want to change my wireless network password.
I don't know how to access the internet on my tablet
Error installing an update
The computer does not turn on.
I have a problem with the screen display.
I want to install a free email program.
The screen went dark after rebooting.
Without access to a printer connected to ZONhub
I need help to create a password to enter windows
When connecting to a network, it asks for a PIN
Does the Tablet Samsung Activ Tab support a kanguru 3G card?
What is the PT service management page?
Keyboard characters are in a different position
How can I optimize the Operating System?
How do I copy pictures from the pc to an USB flash drive?
I cannot access the Facebook Page, it says it is under maintenance.
My internet explorer has stopped responding.
[Microsoft] Office installation has frozen.
I want to know how to activate my Facebook notifications
I get a message with Licensing Terms
How do I access PT WIFI?
My computer is connected to another network.
How do I change Facebook settings relating to the Timeline?
I want to create a Skype account, how should I proceed?
I want to change my network name and channel.
My pc shows several security analysis alerts that I don't know about.
How do I leave Gmail?
How to uninstall antivirus in Windows 7?
How to change the background picture in Windows 8?
I cannot open Skype
Computer stops at the BIOS [screen].
I don't know the wireless network password.
Facebook App does not work on my iPhone
I am having problems with the signal repeater, after 20 minutes of it being turned on, it is not possible to connect the devices to the repeater network. Then I must shut it down and turn it back on to make the connection.
Where can I check my security password for the wireless network?
I cannot access the wireless network because there is a letter in the router's password that is not readable.
When I open pages in IE10 I get an error and the program closes itself.
I do not have sound in my PS3 Bluetooth headset..
I cannot connect anything on the wireless network because I forgot the network key
How do I create a windows 7 safety back-up?
I want to make google my homepage.
I have short range in my wireless network
How to access the router?
I can't receive emails on Outlook after changing the password
I do not have any kind of sound on my computer.
How to remove Facebook notifications on a cell phone?
I have vulnerabilities in my antivirus, what should I do?
I don't know where I saved my musicbox songs [files].
How do I configure a repeater?
How to input @
Does the clix connection use pppoe?
I have a very high ping rate
Which is my router's IP?
How do I connect my pc to my wireless network?
Speed tests give normal speeds but it takes too long for pages to open.
My 3G router does not turn on.
How do I access foreign websites blocked in my country?
What is the device that I can use to connect my MEOBOX via cable and a Desktop pc?
I cannot print since I subscribed to the WOW service.
The 3G modem does not work.
The WPS button of the Thomson tg799vn router does not work.
I cannot access my ZON webmail account
How do I make my wireless more secure?
without access to the internet through the kanguru USB modem
Uninstalled iTunes, but the files still point to iTunes
I cannot change my email password.
I sent the Pc to format, but now it is very slow and has errors when opening some programs
I only have internet via wireless
I am using too much bandwidth on my pc
”OLX” Access Password
How do I restart the server?
I am often unable to see my network. Restarting the computer usually solves this problem.
How do I configure my email for Portuguese Bar Association?
I don't have access to the cards I connected to the pc.
WhatsApp does not work on my iPhone.
Windows detected a problem and will shut down.
I want to migrate my email to another Outlook.
I want to change my ZON IP.
My antivirus does not appear on my computer.
My computer shuts down by itself.
My PC has been stolen. Is it possible to find the computer’s serial number knowing the network card´s MAC address
How to export bookmarks from Google Chrome?
My Gmail shortcut icon has disappeared from the desktop.
Other wireless networks are shown but not mine.
I can´t connect to my ZON FON area.
I want to change my ZON password
I want to install Office
How to find friends on Facebook
How do I save a Word document?
How do I change my Safari homepage?
I want to open YouTube but the error “internal server 500" appears
Static IPs has been configured at my workplace and now I have no internet wireless access at home.
IP 169 cable
I want help installing Facebook on my Tablet
I can´t send my identity card photo.
Browser crashed
I want to use Facebook on my mobile.
Problems playing Farmvile2
I can´t view ZON LINE channels.
My hard drive is almost full.
How do I install Silverlight on a Tablet?
How to logout from a Thomson Router
Organize information by date
I can´t see the Google page with news, weather forecast etc…
I can´t open YouTube neither Facebook games.
They posted a photo on someone else wall.
How do I switch the Gmail window into a full screen mode
I have a few icons next to the clock that have disappeared.
How do I zoom in on the internet?
How to install Google Chrome on my Mac?
I want to copy photos from the SD card.
If I sell my PC to someone, can that person access my Facebook account?
I cannot install the router software.
I Want to rip a CD to my computer
I want to install using the given Norton key.
When I go to Gmail, a rectangle appears under my email [address] and a button that says login appears.
There is no sound coming out from the speakers.
Excel has stopped appearing.
If I delete a virus, will I also delete personal files?
I installed a program and a green bar appears on the internet.
I suspect that my email was hacked.
Can I download European model CV in .doc format?
I have problem with Meo Go: I cannot watch it.
I did the factory reset for my Android and now I cannot access my Sapo e-mail.
Is it possible to delete the contents of a DVD and re-record it?
I have difficulty using Windows 8.
A Facebook message appears to slow down the likes.
I receive advertisements and pop ups on Google Chrome.
Someone broke into my PC.
Changing the language in Win 8.1
Changing the email password @ Clix.
Changing the font size in Safari.
When pressing on the printer power button, the display does not light up.
A page that says welcome to MEO appears.
Outlook folders do not correspond to Sapo mail folders.
When I'm on YouTube the video freezes.
When I press a key on the keyboard, the items written in blue appear on the screen instead of the key I want to type
How do I access Gmail via webmail?
How to install an earlier version of Windows
How do I copy text from a website?
How to leave a message on Facebook.
How to disable the option to work offline in IE?
How to make page breaks in a Word text document.
How to format [an] SD [card] on Android.
How to import a photo to Picasa.
How do I insert contacts in Skype?
How to Install Microsoft Security Essentials.
How to move apps to the SD Card?
How do I enter the email straight away?
How can I recover the Facebook password?
How can I synchronize photos through iTunes?
How to know if I have the contracted speed for the internet?
Port configuration for the game BATTLEFIELD.
Gmail settings for Outlook.
Converting a word file into an image.
I created an email client in the Optimus area and wish to configure it in Outlook.
My Internet Explorer shortcut has disappeared.
I want to know how to scan.
Offensive posts were made about me on Facebook.
Installing Bitdefender on Tablet.
My iPad is blocked. I press the buttons but nothing happens.
I cannot distinguish the different email accounts from which to send mail.
I cannot install the Facebook program for video conferencing.
I cannot open pdf documents.
I cannot access my server via SSH.
I cannot access Skype on the tablet. Can you help me?
I cannot add a YouTube shortcut in Chrome.
I cannot put accents on my words in Word.
I cannot login to Windows 8 after performing the upgrade for windows 8.1.
I cannot send a message on Facebook to a specific friend.
I cannot log in to another Gmail account.
I cannot install Opera on Windows XP.
How can I connect multiple computers to the same cable modem when it only has one ethernet input?
I cannot see a specific video format.
I do not know where are my emails. They are not in the inbox.
My PC only has 512mb of RAM. Is this enough for Windows 7?
I have no subject field in my Outlook.
I'm about to install Adobe Premiere Pro CS5 on my PC. I have an Acer Extensa 5635ZG Graphics Card: GEFORCE G105M - 512MB Processor: Pentium Dual - Core 2.10GHz RAM: 4GB. Will I have problems running it on my computer?
What is the best music and video player for Windows 8?
How can I remove the double window of Windows Live Messenger on the Windows 7 Taskbar?
I have Windows 7. How can I see the version?
In Windows Vista how do I activate back the side bar without restarting the pc?
Does Kaspersky’s Internet Security 2013 neutralize the viruses automatically or do I need to exclude them manually?
In Google Chrome, how do you place a bookmark bar under the address bar?
Why does my laptop overheat?
How do I install Internet Explorer?
What is GIMP?
Can I install Office XP in Windows 8?
What is inkscape?
How do I watch MEO TV channels on my computer?
Is a subscription to the MEO GO service paid or free? Since I am a MEO Client
Can I install MacOS Maverick on MacBook 5.1?
How to I make a video call through Facebook?
How can I deactivate ActiveX?
My mouse doesn’t move
How do I know if my windows software is updated?
How to I take a print screen of the PC?
How can I retrieve the data from my iPad?
How can I watch MEO GO?
Airplane mode is on in Windows 8.
What is Windows Live Essentials?
What is McAfee?
My BIOS is password protected, and I don’t know what is the password
I had Windows 8 and updated it to Windows 8.1, but now I cannot print because it says I don’t have any printer installed nor do any of the following works: Send to one note 2010, Fax, and Microsoft XPS Document Writer. Why is it?
How can I format my pc without a CD or flash drive, only via keyboard?
My PC freezes when I watch YouTube videos, why is that?
How many Windows 8 versions are there? My window says only Windows 8.
The pc restarts by itself. Why could that be?
How do I remove the Bing bar from the Chrome bar?
How to change the headphones output of a laptop
I have a Windows 2013 Server as a terminal server. What is happening is that, after a while, I receive an error stating that access is denied. This error occurs for any user. If I restart the server, everything is ok, but only for a few days. What could it be?
How do I know if my computer with Windows Vista is performing well?
I have a problem on my computer since I can’t turn it on. What should I do?
On the ‘Start’ menu, the bar where I perform the program search has disappeared. How can I bring the bar back?
I just connected the MEO box, but I still don’t have internet access. What should I do?
The monitor does not turn on.
How to open the ZONhub router ports
Which program can I use to defragment my PC?
Windows 8 Internet Explorer 10 takes a long time to open web pages.
I have two users: the admin and other. When I enter the password for admin, it does not work, and a sentence appears saying the profile service has failed
How can I find out the ID and the password of the website: 192.168.1.254?
My computer overheats.
My disk is broken, how do I know which connection interface it uses?
The laptop’s monitor is broken, how can I identify the model?
How to format a disk?
How do I activate a wireless network?
How do I make the wireless network work?
I am having difficulty using the External Disk NAS Seagate Central with the MEO router.
How do I check the file system of my disk on windows?
The printer does not print via wireless.
How can I get an AC adaptor?
My printer does not print when connected to the PC.
What is XXS?
Backspace keys’, ‘enter’, ‘d’ and unconfigured accent keys do not produce the output they should, that is, they write other characters. What should I do?
What is the Operating System for?
What is an iOS?
What is a DDOS?
Differences between Ubuntu and Windows 8
How to improve ping [speed]
My laptop only works with an external monitor
How to install a Lexmark P6350 printer on Windows 8 64-bit
My laptop doesn’t produce sound.
Various red dots in the monitor (Acer Aspire 5715z)
Transferring files from one computer to a portable disk
Adobe Reader does not open files.
What is IP?
How to connect several computers to the same modem
How do I change permissions to administrator?
Is it possible to recover emails sent from the iPad iCloud’s account?
How do I configure Thunderbird to see my mail from Gmail?
How do I verify if I have Windows 64-bit?
How can I record something if it happens on my screen in a video?
I don’t remember the password to connect to the internet. Is it recorded somewhere on my Apple computer?
Can I install Office 2010 on Windows 8?
How do I delete my temporary files?
How do I add the start menu in Windows 8?
How do I recover my Outlook.com password?
Can I block websites in ZON Hub Fiber?
I want to uninstall Adobe Flash Player but I can´t manage to do it.
Can I use Time Capsule on a Windows as an external device with a USB cable?
Can I connect to my Time Capsule via wireless on an iPad or an iPhone to see the stored files?
What are the Oniduo POP and SMTP servers?
I want to configure my Sapo account in Windows Live Mail.
I want to create a Gmail account and connect to Google Play in my mobile
I want to upload files onto the [Google] Drive
I want to print an image
How can I see files download speed in Dropbox?
How to access Dropbox
My PC is connected to the TV Set by cable and I have no sound.
The date and time of the PC are always changing.
My battery keeps asking to connect charger even after I have connected
My Epson does not recognize cartridges.
I cannot empty the Recycle Bin
Is it possible to find out an address through IP?
Add my Facebook contacts on Skype
How to access My Computer in Windows 8
How to enable Home page button in Google Chrome
How do I create a video channel in You Tube?
I don´t know how to see streets in Google Earth.
How do I do a multiple selection?
How to do a print screen and edit the captured image
How do I make a Skype video call?
How do I close a window without clicking on Close?
I want to login to Skype with my Hotmail account.
How to share a PPTon Facebook
How do I remove start-up programs in Windows 7 OS?
How do I know if my PC has Bluetooth?
How do I know if a program is safe?
Should I always turn off my PC pressing the On/Off button?
Is it possible to back up my PS3 hard drive?
Remove a contact from Skype [contact list?]
How do I synchronize the contacts from Facebook with an iPhone 5 that has iOS 6.1?
I would like to know if, with a Mac, I can run Facebook games, like Farmville, and if Flash works.
I want to know if there is the possibility to share my achievements obtained on Xbox on Facebook.
In what way does adding my cell phone number increase my Gmail account’s security?
How to delete Safari cookies?
How can I connect Facebook to iMessage?
Some time ago my Facebook started crashing on my iPhone, closing the program returning to the initial menu.
Is there any automatic way Gmail can obtain photos from the people that are in my contacts and have Facebook?
Is there any way to share YouTube videos on Facebook on an iPad 1 with iOS5?
I am having problems with Facebook chat. Some friends show as offline, even being online. Other cannot see me online.
If I connect the iPhone to the computer via USB, will it update the contact’s images from Facebook?
Is it possible to talk with 2 people at the same time on Facebook?
How do I reactivate an Instagram account?
How to find friends on Instagram?
When I add a person as favorite on Facebook, do I also become their favorite?
For how long can Facebook be inactive?
I cannot deactivate the parental control on a Magalhães
How can I delete Skype’s conversation history?
I want to delete a conversation in Skype
On Skype, how can I delete all conversations that appear on the side bar?
I would like to get voice messages on Skype.
How do I know if a friend of mine has voice messages on Skype?
Can I redirect Skype calls on Linux?
What are SpinVox alerts?
I cannot connect to Skype.
How do I synchronize Dropbox on all my computers and cellphones?
How do I know how much free space I have on Dropbox?
How do I know if Dropbox is synchronized?
How do I watch a video that I have in my Dropbox on my Android Tablet?
How do I enter brackets on Mac?
I cannot perform searches about violin?
I cannot type the letter P.
I cannot print the body of an email message.
I do not want the email to be stored in webmail, only in Outlook.
I don’t know if my computer is using a 32 or 64 bit version?
My mouse moves quickly to the end of the screen.
My Skype does not perform auto-correction.
What is Shockwave for?
What are the buttons on top of my computer for?
The pc turns on, but only beeps.
Why can’t I play tablet games on the computer?
I want to access my PC through the tablet
I want to change the name of my computer
I want to find out what the motherboard brand is.
I want to block people on Facebook
synchronize contacts between iCloud and Outlook 2010
My icons are hidden
I have been trying to login to Facebook and it says that the username is incorrect
I have been trying, unsuccessfully, to update Windows 8.1. It appears in the Windows Store but it doesn´t download.
How do I remove the yellow padlock from a folder
How do I rotate a video in Windows Media Player
I can´t find the Windows 8 calculator
What is the username and the password to login to MEO router?
How do I backup my e-mail data? I have Outlook 2007
I want to remove Office but it doesn´t appear on the program list.
I have Outlook 2007 and when trying to receive an e- mail this message appears: ``This operation has been cancelled due to restrictions on this computer. Contact your system administrator``
How do I summarize text in Microsoft Word 2007
How to put a border in Word 2007
How do I remove the side bar from the Office Starter?
How do I insert a picture into an Excel cell?
Is there any text converter for Power Point 2007?
My columns in Excel changed from letters to numbers
Outlook doesn´t save e-mails in the Sent Items folder.
How do I insert comments into Excel 2010 cells?
Where can I find the ``Print Preview`` option in Word 2012?’’
I can´t edit a document. It seems like it is blocked. What should I do?
The image inserted in the email body appears smaller
How to change commas to dots in Excel Office 2007?
How do I block emails that I receive from a particular sender
How can I delete a message stuck in the Outbox in Outlook 2007
Office 2013 doesn´t have the Microsoft Office Picture Manager?
I’d like to know how do I change language in Office 2010 from Portuguese to English?
Outlook doesn´t show pictures [in e-mail messages]
Word 2010 Starter - insert a footnote
How can I export contacts in Vcard format and import them into my mobile?
How do I open a txt in Excel
Where can I download a Journal Office Template?
Open two Excel windows
How do I cancel a Scheduled automatic email send out
How can I protect a PowerPoint slide
How can I create and send a newsletter?
I cannot open links in Outlook.
How do I export a contact list from Microsoft Outlook 2010 to Excel?
How do I recover a corrupted file from Excel?
How can I create a signature in Thunderbird?
How to reset the router to factory settings
How to create a safe password
How do the Dropbox Favorite files work on Android?
I want to share a Dropbox folder with another person
I have conflicted copies of files in Dropbox.
How do I stop sharing a folder on Dropbox?
In Dropbox, can I change the owner of a shared folder?
Can I eliminate a member from a Dropbox folder?
How do I attach a file to a Facebook message?
How can I appear invisible on Facebook chat?
I want to deactivate sound from Facebook chat
Can I chat with several people on Facebook chat?
How can I leave a conversation in Facebook chat?
Facebook chat on iChat
How can I stop receiving updates from a Facebook page?
Does Dropbox only work online or can I have it on my computer?
How does the Dropbox history work?
Can I share a Dropbox file with a friend who does not have Dropbox?
When I share a Dropbox file with a friend, am I also using space from my limit?
How can I obtain more space on Dropbox?
Can I have two Dropbox accounts on the same computer?
I have an iPad and I wanted to know how to edit an Excel [document] that is in Dropbox, and after it is edited, save it again to Dropbox.
How can I send photos to Dropbox from an iPhone?
How do you limit access to Dropbox from other users who have access to my PC in Windows?
I want to delete content from a folder that I share in Dropbox. Is the other person left without access to these files if I delete them?
How do I make an image on Dropbox public?
I can’t find the “Public” folder in Dropbox
I ran out of space on Dropbox. I only have friends’ shared folders, but none of mine.
I installed Dropbox on iPad 2 and now I want a free program to edit Excel files.
How much space do I have on Gmail?
How can I check Gmail email while I’m offline?
On Gmail I want to mark an email I opened as unread.
How can I check the orthography of a message on Gmail?
I can’t send an attachment with Gmail.
How do I organize messages on Gmail?
Is there a maximum number of labels I can create on Gmail?
May I use more than one label on a single message on Gmail?
On Gmail, is it possible to create Labels under other Labels?
If I erase a label on Gmail, do I also delete all related messages?
Is Gmail’s trash bin automatically deleted?
I mistakenly deleted an email on Gmail, what do I do now?
Is Gmail’s spam automatically deleted?
I bought a smartphone with Windows Mobile, do I already have Office?
Does Office Mobile have the same characteristics as Office 2010?
I want to open an Office protected document on my cellphone.
I wanted to download a video on YouTube to my computer.
Having magnets glued to the computer creates problems?
Is it necessary to have space between the screen and the wall behind it?
If a computer has been left on all night, is it then better to shut down and reboot it?
Does a computer spends more energy turning on rather than staying turned on for hours?
Is it better to let the PC rest for a few seconds before turning it back on?
Can I move the computer when it is turned on, or will it burn the hard drive?
When there is a thunder storm, should I unplug my computer from the socket?
On a notebook, should I first turn on the electricity cable to the machine and then plug it in the socket?
My computer is next to the window and gets a lot of sun. Can that be a problem?
If I have many icons on my desktop, does it make my computer slower?
A friend sent me an email on Facebook, but I didn’t receive it.
What is this 4G that comes with cellphones?
How do I install Firefox add-ons?
How do I download only the audio on YouTube videos?
I want to deactivate the Followers option on Facebook.
Can you suggest a simple program to create animated GIFs?
What is Flickr?
A friend of mine doesn’t follow me on Instagram, but I follow him. Can he see what I publish?
My Android cellphone may catch a virus.
I bought music on Google Play, can I listen to it on another Android device?
It takes too long to transfer files from the computer to the pen.
When I try to watch videos on the internet, on Windows Media Player, I can only hear the sound and I see no image.
Today, when turning on the computer, all the icons appeared bigger [than normal].
Where can I get the HP Scanjet 2400 Scanner software?
When I try to install Office Publisher, It says it requires a key.
I formatted my ASUS laptop and since then, I no longer have access to the FN key functions.
I accidently removed the photos from the SD Card, is it possible to retrieve them?
How can I restrict access to a folder on my computer?
I am installing AutoCAD and I get a DirectX error.
I can’t open RAW format files on Photoshop.
A friend of mine said Avast is a good antivirus, so where can I download Avast?
I have Vista and my DVD drive is not visible from time to time.
How do I find out my DirectX version?
When installing Skype, I get the following error: skype setup.exe is not a valid Win 32 application
I removed AVG, then tried to install Kaspersky and it says I have to remove AVG again.
My antivirus expired and now I don’t have internet.
I downloaded from the internet a file called games.rar and can’t open it. It says the extension is not known.
My external hard drive works well when connected to my desktop computer, but not so well on my laptop.
How do I change the creation date of a file to today´s date?
My PC screen turns off after a few minutes, how can I deactivate this option.
I have installed Windows Mail. How can I configure an account?
I can´t see attachments in Windows Live Mail.
My Windows Life doesn´t correct the errors.
When you click on an e-mail address on a website, Windows Mail doesn´t open.
When I make a search in Windows Mail it doesn’t always show the correct results.
While trying to sign into Outlook.com, it says that the account has been blocked.
How can I extend my laptop battery life
Can I install Music Box on a Mac?
How can I turn on Music Box on Facebook?
How do I upload new photos to Picasa [-?]
How can I upload a video to You Tube, using Picasa
I have organized my Picasa Photos on my Timeline and now this option has disappeared.
I have Picas and I’d like to create albums
How do I add new pictures to an album that has already been created
How do I hide a folder in Picasa
In my Picasa, some Photoshop files appear and I don´t want them to.
I have my picasa in English and I would like to have it in portuguese
How can I highlight only a few Picasa Album pictures
How do I know what Picasa version I have got?
I can´t remove Picasa from Mac.
Picasa doesn´t play music files.
My Google Chrome is very slow. Is there any way to make it faster?
When I open Chrome many websites open [at the same time].
I click the ``x`´ on Chrome to close the Tab and it doesn´t work.
When I open Chrome, Bing’s page appears.
In the Chrome Menu Tab, there is a sound symbol. What does it mean?
I have lost my chrome bookmarks. How can I get it back?
How do I print a Google Chrome [web] page
How do I add a spell-checker in Chrome
How can I block Chrome ads?
How can I view Google Chrome history I´ve Windows.
Chrome ‘s history date is wrong.
How can I forward an e-mail to another Gmail account
How do I remove more than one e-mail from my Gmail?
I was receiving advertisments in Gmail. I don´t receive them anymore.
How can I change the Gmail language to Portuguese
How can I see more e- mails on the page?
How do I change a [default] font type in Gmail
What is a webmail
I am a ZON client and I want to access my email account from another country. How can I do this
I want to configure my ZON e-mail in Thunderbird. What are the details I need to
I have an e-mail labelled as a spam, in ZON [mail], but actually it is not spam. What can I do about it?
How do I forward mail in ZON?
How can I upload files to a server through SFTP
How can I connect to my server via SSH .
How can I access a web site via https?
What are the Google DNSes?
How do I copy and paste text
How can I change the Office 2013 colours?
How to add a picture as a message background
How do I send automatic replies in Office 2013?
How do I insert a picture or a clip-art in an e-mail?
Insert a symbol or special character in an email.
Adding holidays on Office 2013’s calendar.
Sharing a calendar on Office 2013.
How can I create an email signature on Outlook 2013?
Automatically add a signature to Office 2013’s messages.
How can I search for PDFs with Google?
In Excel 2013, where is the automatic sum (AutoSum)?
In Excel 2013 I have a cell that does not appear as a currency.
In Word 2013, how can I print multiple copies of the file
How do I create an index in Word 2013?
How do I insert a table on Word 2013?
On Outlook 2013, can I remove an email exchange?
On Outlook 2013, how do I write a new message?
How do I attach a file on Outlook 2013?
How do I save attachments received on Outlook 2013?
How do I create an appointment on Outlook 2013?
How do I schedule a meeting on Outlook 2013?
I want to insert a new cell on Excel 2013.
Galaxy Y freezes a lot, what can I do?
When I try to change my monitor’s resolution, it won’t leave 800x600. When I change to 1024x768 and click on Apply, the screen goes black and then appears a message (mode in optimal recommended mode 1360X768 60Hz).
What is a program I can use to reduce the video speed without lowering its quality.
What is Whatsapp?
Where do I find Whatsapp?
Is it possible to format a computer without losing the data?
What is Linux?
I have a computer with an AMD Athlon 64 x2 Dual Core, 2.60 GHz Processor and 2.5GB RAM with Windows 7. If I install Windows 8, will it become slow?
I am looking for a free and complete program to mix music.
Can I see a mobile version of a web page on a computer?
Can I have more than one CD recording program on the computer?
Where can I download DirectX?
How do I converto an .MP4 file into an avi file?
If I install a DirectX version, is the pixel shader’s version changed?
How do I unblock someone from my Facebook?
How do I block someone on Facebook?
I don’t want to be contacted by an application on Facebook.
I am always receiving invites for events that I don’t want on Facebook
What is GNOME?
I need a free photo editor in Portuguese.
When I try to login into Facebook, a page appears to verify the identity. What is it?
How can I watch GIFs on Windows 8 without using Windows Display or the browser?
Can I use the Canon’s printer USB cable on HP[printer]?
Is the HP 8100 compatible with Windows 8?
I cannot install the Lexmark x1270 printer on Windows 7.
How do I know if a phone has been damaged by water?
My HP printer requests me to insert the printer cartridge. Given it is inserted, what do I do?
Can I change the black cartridge on my computer without changing the colors?
Why does my printer cartridge level sometimes not appear, even when full?
What is a Firefox add-on?
How do I install add-ons without restarting Firefox?
How do I keep Firefox’s add-ons updated?
Can extras add-ons Firefox slower?
Firefox says an add-on is not compatible. Can I use it anyway?
How do I configure Thunderbird for POP access?
I want to delete the history in Chrome.
Where do I find the Favorites in Chrome?
I want to set Chrome as my default browser.
I want to change the Google Chrome initial page.
How do I deactivate cookies on Chrome?
Is it possible to change Google Chrome’s appearance?
What is Chrome’s anonymous browsing mode?
What is the best browser for Android?
How do I synchronize my cellphone’s Firefox with the computer’s?
Can you explain what System Recovery is?
What is a disk defragmenter?
What is disk fragmentation?
Thunderbird sends TXT/GIF/JPG attachments inside the message, instead of as an attachment.
How do I insert the hyperlink for an image inThunderBird?
How do I close Facebook conversations on an iPod Touch?
What Android applications are compatible with Face Time?
What is Face Time?
How can I transfer music into my iPod?
What is a viral video?
I want to format my iPod Shuffle.
Can I create application folders on iPhones?
What is a mini USB?
What is a micro USB?
Explain the differences between class 4 and 6 SDHC micro cards.
How do I know if my 4 GB card is a SDHC card?
Can I create a partition on SDHC card?
How do I know the size of my PS3 Disk?
I wanted to know what is my computer RAM in Windows 7.
How do I check the RAM type in my notebook?
I want to know my Mac’s RAM
What is a memory density?
What is a low density memory?
What is a high density memory?
How do I know if I have high or low density memory?
I want my Laptop to go to sleep mode when I close the lid.
How do I block someone on Twitter?
How can I check who has blocked me on Twitter?
If I change my Twitter user name, will I lose my followers?
I would like to change my Twitter username.
What is my Twitter URL?
Can I insert a line break in a tweet?
What is a hashtag?
How can I reduce a URL size?
I want to delete my Twitter account.
How do I find friends on Twitter?
Can I see if a friend of mine has Twitter, knowing his e-mail [address]?
Can I restrict access to my Twitter?
My friends have a symbol next to their name on Twitter. I want one too!
How do I delete a Retweet?
I don't want to show one of my jobs on Facebook.
I want to be visible only to my Facebook friends.
I started using Thunderbird, but I can't find the calendar.
I wanted to change the language of Thunderbird.
What is an Applet?
What does FAT mean?
How do I find out which version of Android I have on my phone?
Is there a notification history on Android 4.3?
In Excel 2013, how can I make a field bold?
In Excel 2013, how can I underline a word?
In Excel 2013, how can I put a word in italics?
I have Excel 2013 and I want to highlight a word in yellow.
I made a mistake while writing. Is there a way to go back?
In Excel 2013, I want to highlight a word with a different colour than the rest. How do I do that?
How can I center the text of a cell in Office 2013?
How do I create a hyperlink in Excel 2013?
Where are the graphs in Excel 2013?
How can I insert a background image in Excel 2013?
How can I password protect a file in Excel 2013?
My Excel is too big. How can I make it normal?
How can I change my Excel 2013 spreadsheet from horizontal to vertical?
In Excel 2013, how can I insert a page break?
In Word, how can I increase the space between lines?
How do I insert bullets in Word 2013?
How do I insert a header into Word 2013?
How do I insert footer into Word 2013?
How do I insert page numbers in 2013?
Which is the version of Android called GingerBread?
My computer does not have an HDMI input and neither does my LCD monitor. Is there an adapter that converts VGA to HDMI?
How do I insert a date into a Word 2013 document?
How do I embellish my Word 2013 documents?
The background color of my Word document is not white. How do I change that?
In Word 2013, is there a way to make all the pages the same font?
In Word 2013, how do I define the size of the page?
How do I make the pages in Word horizontal?
In Word 2013, how do I insert a footnote?
In Word 2013 how do I know how many words are in my document?
My Word 2013 has the spell checker in English. How do I change it to Portuguese?
In Word 2013, how do I insert a ruler into the page?
In word 2013, how do I insert a page break?
How do I insert text with effects in Word 2013?
The menu in my Word 2013 automatically disappears.
In PowerPoint 2013, how do I add new slides?
How do I create a selection of slides in PowerPoint 2013?
I have PowerPoint 2013. How do I insert text side by side?
In PowerPoint 2013, how do I increase the spacing between the letters of a word?
I have PowerPoint 2013 and I don't know how to change the animations between the slides.
In PowerPoint 2013, is it possible to apply sounds between the page changes?
In PowerPoint 2013, how can I increase the time between page changes?
I made a PowerPoint 2013 presentation and there is a slide where when I click, it doesn't go to the next one.
In PowerPoint 2013, how do I apply effects to the text and images of a slide?
How do I make text appear when a chart is clicked?
I made a presentation in PowerPoint 2013 and now I can't see it!
I have a presentation with many slides in PowerPoint 2013. How do I view just one slide?
I made a presentation in PowerPoint 2013 and now I would like to test the timing of my presentation. Is that possible?
I want to make a presentation to send and I need to add voice commentaries. Is it possible? I have Office 2013.
I finished my presentation in PowerPoint 2013, but I don't know if I have spelling errors. How do I check the document?
How do I alter the username when I save a document in PowerPoint 2013?
I made a presentation in PowerPoint 2013. How do I improve the appearance of the presentation?
I have OpenOffice, and I want to use a card template. How do I do that?
I created a document in Office and I want to export it to PDF. Is that possible?
I want to substitute the same word for another in all the documents I made in Office. How do I do this?
Inserting a page break in OpenOffice
I wanted to insert a heading in OpenOffice.
In OpenOffice, how do I insert a footer?
I don't know how to insert a comment in OpenOffice.
