In OpenOffice, how do I insert a table in my text document?
I want to insert an image into a document of the OpenOffice writer
In OpenOffice, how do I insert a chart into a text document?
In OpenOffice, I inserted a chart and now I don't know how I can edit the chart values.
I want change the OpenOffice spell checker language .
Can I count the number of words I have written in an OpenOffice document?
In OpenOffice, what do I do to search for a word in the document?
I'm working on an OpenOffice document and want to change all words to lowercase. Is this possible?
In OpenOffice, how do I format the cells?
Is there an easy way to move files to Google Drive?
They shared a document with me on Google Drive but I cannot find it.
I have many documents on Google Drive. How do I highlight the most important ones?
I made a document in Google drive and now I cannot find it.
I removed a file from Google Drive by mistake. Can it be recovered?
In Google Calendar, I'm only able to see the day that I'm in, but not able to see the week or the month.
Is there any way to change the color of an event in Google Calendar?
In VLC how do I open a movie?
Can I listen to the radio using VLC?
In VLC how do I display the movie in full screen?
My VLC is always on top of other windows of the computer.
When loading videos into VLC they appear as a square instead of being in 16:9
In my VLC, I can see video but no sound comes out but I can hear music on the computer.
In VLC I want to hear the sound through headphones but instead it goes through the computer speakers.
In VLC how do I add subtitles?
How do I set VLC to have the audio as loud as possible?
I have installed WinRAR, now how do I compress a folder?
I received a RAR file. How do I extract it?
How do I open a new file in Notepad ++?
How do I save a document in Notepad ++?
In Notepad ++, can you comment a block of lines?
Does Notepad ++ have auto-complete?
In Notepad ++, how can I search for a word in the document?
My Notepad ++ is always in front of the other programs. How can I disable this option?
I have Notepad ++, and the menu disappeared.
How can I see the number of lines I have already written in a document in Notepad ++?
The characters of my document in Notepad ++ are wired.
I'm programming in Notepad ++. I would like for the reserved words to be highlighted. Is this possible?
Is it possible to configure Notepad ++ to keep auto-completion always on?
In Notepad ++, how do I see shortcuts and configure them?
In Notepad ++, how I connect to FTP?
The menu that had my FTP connections has disappeared in Notepad ++.
Where can I download Notepad ++?
What is RSS?
Could you suggest me a good RSS feed that is free and easy?
How do I add a new RSS feed to Feed Notifier?
In YouTube, how do I restrict my search to only recently uploaded videos?
How do I search for a YouTube channel?
How can I restrict the search on YouTube to only videos longer than 20 minutes?
In YouTube, how can I search for videos in HD?
On YouTube, how do I sort my search for the videos with the most views?
How do I cancel a subscription on YouTube?
How can I link my Facebook and YouTube accounts?
I saw a video on YouTube some time ago and I cannot find it now.
I selected some videos to watch later., where is this list?
How do I manage my subscriptions on YouTube?
How do I block the sending of email from YouTube to my email account?
In Media Player Classic, how can I load subtitles?
In Media Player Classic, how do I open a movie?
In Media Player Classic, how do I see the details of the video, frame rate, etc.?
In Media Player Classic, the menus have stopped appearing. How do you make it reappear?
I'm watching a video in Media Player Classic, but video is too fast.
In Google Maps, how can I trace a route?
I traced a route on Google Maps, but I want it takes into consideration I go by public transportation. Is it possible?
In Google Maps, how do I see Street View?
In Google Maps, how can I see the traffic?
In Hangouts, how can I disable the sound?
In Hangouts, how can I change the profile picture?
How do I logout from Hangout ?
In Hangouts, how do I see people that I have blocked?
How do I block someone in Hangout?
How do I save a conversation in Hangout?
How do I remove a person's conversation in Hangout chat?
In Google Images, can I search only images of a certain size?
In Google Images, can I search only icons?
In Google Images, can I search only black and white images?
In Google Images search, can I restrict my search in order to get only people?
In Google Images, can I restrict the search to a period of time?
What is Safe Search on Google Image?
How do I create a new document in Photoshop?
How do I open an image in Photoshop?
In Photoshop, how can I save my picture as jpeg instead of png?
In Photoshop, I selected an element and now I don’t know how to deselect.
I was making a montage in Photoshop. How do I go back?
In Photoshop CS6, how do I add shortcuts?
In Photoshop, how do I rotate an element?
I'm working in Photoshop and the paint bucket that was used to fill in the objects has disappeared. How do I recover it?
In Photoshop, how can I use the same color of an element already present?
How do I overlay an element in Photoshop?
I want to copy a complete Photoshop CS6 file, but it just copies a part. How can I copy the whole work?
How do I add a new layer in Photoshop?
How do I change the name of a layer in Photoshop?
How can I improve a photo in Photoshop?
In Photoshop, there is way to define the contours of an element?
In Photoshop, how do I put a shadow on an element?
In Photoshop, when I do Ctrl Z, it only goes one step back. How can I go back further?
In Photoshop, how do I change the color with which I am working?
In Photoshop, how do I do zoom?
In Photoshop, how do I add text?
In Photoshop CS6, I intend to blur a license plate. How do I do that?
In Photoshop, how do I add filters to my assemblies?
I have Photoshop, but some of the layers disappear.
Some tools have disappeared from my Photoshop screen.
How do I know which version of Photoshop I have?
How do I make updates in Photoshop?
Does Photoshop allows you to work with vectors?
What is Photoshop?
In Photoshop how can I change the windows layout?
In Publisher, I'm trying to focus on an image, but it is very difficult using the mouse.
In Publisher, how do I enter text?
In Publisher how do I put a border around my text?
In Publisher I created an element that I want to delete but I cannot see it.
In Publisher how do I insert an image?
In Microsoft Publisher, how do I insert a table?
In Publisher, how do I alter the page orientation?
I want to work on an A3 sheet in Publisher instead of an A4 sheet.
What is Publisher?
Is it possible to change the font throughout the whole document I am producing in Publisher?
1731 In Publisher, how do I change the background color?
I am working in Publisher and I don't know how to decrease the Zoom of the page.
I have many lines in the document I'm working on in Publisher.
How do I insert a header in Publisher?
How do I insert a footer in a Publisher document?
In Publisher, how do I export my project to HTML?
I wanted to print a Publisher document and do not know how.
In Publisher how can I insert a new document?
Is it possible to access Instagram from the computer?
In Instagram, can I like a photo?
Is it possible to access Google applications on the computer?
In Google+ the way the information is displayed has changed.
In Google+ only my family's posts appear.
How do I connect to a hangout on Google+?
How can I see my Google+ profile?
How do I add a new photo to Google+?
What is the +1s tab on Google+?
How do I search for people in Google+?
I want to add my Gmail contacts to Google+.
How do I see who is in my circles in Google+?
How can I see the people who are blocked on Google+?
In Google+ how can I unblock someone?
In Google+ how can I remove a person?
In Google+ is it possible to have more than one person in a circle?
I would like to see events in Google+?
How can I create a page for my company in Google+?
I want to reduce the emails sent by Google+. How do I do this?
The photos from my drive are appearing in Google+. How do I get rid of this option?
How do I remove my Google+ profile?
What is Google+?
1761 How do I restrict the people who can comment on my posts?
1762 How do I change in Google+ who can send me notifications?
How do I edit my Twitter account?
How do I see my followers on Twitter?
In Twitter, how can I see who I'm following?
How do I unfollow someone on Twitter?
In Twitter, how do I reduce the number of notifications sent by mail?
I want to change my Twitter password.
How do I change the appearance of Twitter?
In Twitter, how do I publish a new Tweet?
My antivirus Panda 2014 says I have antivirus off, how do I solve this problem?
I have Panda 2014, and want to disable the email scan.
I have Panda 2014, and want to disable the scan of instant messages.
In Panda 2014, how do I disable parental controls?
In Panda 2013, how can I do a full PC scan?
In Panda 2014, how can I search for security flaws on my computer?
I have the Panda 2014. How can I see the effectiveness of the antivirus?
In Panda 2014, how can I see the files that are quarantined?
How can I configure Panda 2014 to ask before moving the files to quarantine?
Does Panda 2014 scan the PST files?
How can I view the license information of my Panda 2014?
How do I upgrade my Panda 2014?
I have Panda 2014. When I scan my computer, it becomes very slow. Can this situation be improved?
How can I know which is the version of my Panda?
How can I change the language of my Panda 2014?
My Panda 2014 found a virus. How can I find out more information about the virus?
What is Panda?
How can I check if Panda Internet Security 2014 is properly activated?
How often must updates of my antivirus be performed?
Since I installed Panda 2014, the games have gotten slower.
How do I analyze a single directory or file with the Panda 2014?
How to enable / configure anti-spam protection in Panda 2014?
What is the USB Vaccine in Panda 2014?
In Kaspersky 2014, how can I activate parental control?
In Kaspersky, how can I disable Parental Control?
In Kaspersky 2014, how can I access the quarantine?
I have an application blocked by Kaspersky. How do I unblock it?
In Kaspersky there is a Secure Payment tab. What’s this?
In Kaspersky 2014, how can I get a sense of the effectiveness of my antivirus?
I have Kaspersky 2014, How can I do a full scan?
In Kaspersky 2014, how can I check the vulnerability level of my computer?
How do I disable my firewall in Kaspersky 2014?
My PC is very slow since I installed Kaspersky. Is there a way to improve performance?
How can I update Kaspersky?
Can I use the Kaspersky 2014 to see which ports are open on my computer?
Since I installed Kaspersky 2014, the games are very slow. Is there a way to improve this point?
I have Bitdefender 2014. How can I turn on parental control?
How can I disable the Bitdefender 2014 parental control?
In Bitdefender 2014, how can I do a full system scan?
In Bitdefender 2014, how can I view the vulnerabilities of my system?
My Bitdefender 2014 says that the antivirus is deactivated. How do I activate it?
My computer is very slow since I installed Bitdefender. Is there a way to make it faster?
How can I view the files that are quarantined in Bitdefender 2014?
I have Bitdefender 2014. How do I activate the game mode?
How do I remove a file permanently with Bitdefender?
How do I scan a file or folder with Bitdefender?
How can I check which virus Bitdefender has detected?
How can I exclude a folder from the Bitdefender 2014 analysis?
How can I automatically shut down my computer after the analysis of Bitdefenter 2014?
When does Bitdefender protection expires?
I have Norton 2014. How can I do a quick scan?
In Norton 2014, how can I update the antivirus?
I have Norton 2014. It has a warning saying that I have disabled the antivirus. How can I solve this issue?
I have Norton 2013. How can I activate parental control?
I have McAfee. How do I run a computer scan?
I have McAfee 2014. How can I update it?
I want to turn off the McAfee Antivirus Firewall. How do I do it?
I have McAfee. How do I schedule a scan?
Can I make myself appear offline on Skype?
How do I change my Skype status to ``Away``?
I want to I change my Skype picture.
How do I change my Skype sounds?
How can I change my profile on Skype?
I have been receiving messages from people that are not on my contact list. How can I block this?
How can I change my Skype password?
Can I set up a chat group in Skype?
Is it possible to see only online contacts in Skype?
Can I save my Skype contacts?
How do I send a file using Skype?
I used to see my contacts’ profile pictures and now I cannot see them anymore. How do I fix it?
Can I change some of my contacts’ names in Skype?
I want to make a search in a conversation in Skype. Is it possible?
Is it possible to hide a conversation in Skype?
Can I see in Skype the hidden conversations?
I have sent a file by Skype and now I cannot find it.
My conversation window got separated from my contact list.
When I double click a Skype contact it starts to make a call. Can I disable this option?
Is it possible to disable the ``away`` status in Skype?
I have mistakenly blocked one of my Skype contacts. How do I unblock it?
How do I remove birthday notifications?
I have been receiving Skype advertisement ads, can I remove them?
How can I define keyboard shortcuts in Skype?
I would like to define a download folder for Skype.
How do I open a file in Dreamweaver?
How Can I create a new CSS folder in Dreamweaver?
My Dreamweaver window got divided in two and I can see both Code View and Design View. What should I do to see only Code View?
In Dreamweaver how do I set up an ftp connection?
I have created a CC document in Dreamweaver, can I validate it?
I have been creating a document in Dreamweaver and there is an error that appears on the document.
Which is the best website to view online news?
I have heard that the Google has a currency converter. How do I use it?
I have been told that the Google can be used as a calculator. How can I use it?
Is it possible to restrict the Google searching to a single site?
What does the I´m Feeling Lucky button in the Google Search Engine do?
Is it possible to search for webpages names in Google?
What does the ``intitle``mean in Google ?
Can I use Google to convert distance units?
Is the Google calculator scientific?
What is Wikipedia?
Who can write articles for Wikipedia?
What is WikiLeaks?
Is Wikipedia´s content credible?
What is 9gag?
What is a hacker?
Who are the Anonymous?
Where can I submit my online IRS statement?
What websites can I use to sell personal property?
Is there a website to see the evolution of the shares on the stock exchange?
I installed 7 –zip. How do I compress a file?
What is Google Drive?
How do I create a document in Google Drive.
How to save a document on Google Drive.
How can I give a name to a file that I am creating on Google Drive ?
I'm creating a text on Google Drive. How do I spell check the text?
In Google Drive, is it possible to cross out a word?
How do I insert an image in the document I'm creating on Google Drive?
How do I know how many words the document I'm creating has?
I'm creating a document on Google Drive. Is it possible to translate my document?
I created a document on Google Drive. Is it possible to save it as a Word document?
How do I remove a document from Google Drive?
How do I sort my files in Google Docs, the largest in size first ?
How do I view only the documents that I’ve highlighted?
How can I insert a formula in Google Office?
How much space do I have on Google Drive?
How can I see the occupancy rate of my Google Drive?
What is the price for additional space on Google Drive?
I used to see my documents in a certain manner and now Google Drive changed them to small icons.
How do I upload a file to my Google Drive?
Where can I see the google docs shortcuts keyboard?
How do I share a file on Google Drive?
In Google Docs, how do I mark a file as unread?
How do I remove the spacing between the documents on Google Drive?
Where can I view a Google Drive FAQ’s?
What do I need to have the Google Drive?
How can I burn a cd with cdBurnerXp?
On Windows 8, how do I change the screen resolution ?
How do I change my theme on Windows 8?
On Windows 8, how do I resize an icon?
Can you recommend a good MySQL client?
I have AVG 2014. How do I perform a scan?
I have no internet, what can it be?
Weak wireless signal, what can it be ?
How can I contact the Quality Department?
How can I receive support from pcmedic?
What is the number I have to call to get support from the pcmedic?
Where can I find a pcmedic laboratory?
What kind of services are available from pcmedic?
How can I contact the pcmedic administration?
How do I apply for a job at pcmedic?
What are the pcmedic partners?
Where can I learn more about pcmedic?
What is the link to the pcmedic facebook?
Does pcmedic provides home support throughout all the Portuguese territory?
E- mails with spam are not detected by AVG Anti - Spam .
How to Add an e – mail adress to the Blacklist / Whitelist , in AVG 2014.
What is AVG Accelerator?
I want to disable notifications from AVG Advisor from my 2014 AVG.
What is Speedtest?
How can I temporarily disable AVG?
How can I disable notifications from AVG?
What is AVG PC Analyzer?
What is AVG PC TuneUp?
How Can I Remove AVG PC TuneUp?
What is a DNS Changer?
What is a Trojan Horse, in computer jargon?
In my computer appeared this warning in the AVG scan: hidden extension .exe. What is this?
What information is needed when the virus is found?
How can I view hidden files and folders in Windows XP?
How can I view hidden files and folders in Windows 7?
ow to create a limited user account on Windows XP?
How do I restart my computer in safe mode?
I want to send a URL, but it is too long. Is there a way to shorten it?
What is MBnet?
How can I run a program in administrator mode?
Why is my phone not updated to the latest version of Android?
How can I check the performance of my computer in Windows 8?
What is VoIP?
What is a static IP?
Which is the better technology, ADSL or fiber?
What is addBloker?
What does CAPTCHA mean?
What is ISP?
What are keywords?
What is phishing?
What is a worm?
A page appeared with a message telling me that the script crashed. What is a script?
What is homepage?
In a computer store they told me that my disk had a bad sector. What is it?
On a website I saw an advert for a benchmark test. What is it?
What is a VPN?
What is Spam?
What does timeout mean?
I installed Linux. How can I list the files in a folder?
In a Linux terminal, how can I change between folders?
In a Unix terminal, how can I go back to the previous directory?
In Linux, how can I give full permissions to a folder?
How can I create a new directory in a Linux terminal?
How can I move a file from one folder to another in a Linux terminal?
How can I remove a folder from the command prompt in Linux?
In the Linux terminal, how do I know in which directory I am?
In Linux, how can I see all the ports that are open on the system?
In a Linux terminal, how do I know the memory I have available?
I have installed Debian in server mode. How do I run the updates?
I have Debian, How do I upgrade it?
What is the command to list all of Linux’s processes?
In Linux, what is the command to view my computer’s performance?
Is it possible to load all configurations done in apache without restarting it?
How do I see the uptime of my Linux server?
Where can I download my laptop’s drivers?
SSD disks are better than pinned ones.
How can I refresh a webpage?
What is the best processor, an i7 or an i5?
What does quad core mean?
Can dust damage the computer?
Is it advised to upgrade Windows to the most recent version.
My computer always displays the wrong time. What could it be?
What do I do when the website I want to access is down?
What does apache mean?
Can I add as much RAM as I want to my computer?
What is the motherboard?
How can I add a Torrent file to uTorrent?
In uTorrent, how can I add a magnet link?
How do I deactivate the ‘Start uTorrent with Windows’ function?
How do I configure uTorrent to shut down the computer after the download is finished?
Can I configure uTorrent to save downloads in a specific directory?
What does Overloaded Disk in the status bar mean?
Is it possible to make uTorrent download via command line?
Is it possible for multiple computers to access a 3G network?
What is the Cloud?
Where is the reset button on Linksys EA4500?
On the iPad, how do I define a code?
On the iPad, can I define a sound limit?
On my iPad screen, an airplane appears. What is it?
On my iPad, an arrow pointing to the right appears. What is it?
How do I know if my iPad is connected to a wireless network?
On the iPad, how do I close an application?
How can I zoom in on a photo?
How can I change the background image?
How can I change the brightness on my iPad?
Once, when my iPad was blocked, a menu appeared. How do I make this menu appear?
How do I silence alerts on iPad?
How do I configure sounds on iPad?
How do I uncouple a device on the iPad?
Is it possible to allow access to resources when the iPad is blocked?
Can I configure iCloud Keys?
How do I configure Automatic Completion?
How do I restrict or redefine tracked publicity on iPad?
How do I use Siri wearing a headset on iPad?
How do I cancel a request made to Siri on the iPad?
On iPad how can I block unwanted messages?
How do I receive a notification on the iPad when I receive an important mail?
How do I signal a message on iPad?
In Safari what does the cloud-shaped icon mean?
I have an iPad. How do I open a new tab in Safari?
How do I adjust the shutter sound on an iPad?
How do I change the maps on the iPad from miles to kilometers?
I have an Apple TV. How can I transfer the contents from the iPad to the TV?
Is it possible to put notifications out loud?
My iPad has strange colors, as if it were the negative of a photo.
How do I set the language of my iPhone?
On my iPhone, how do I change the icons between devices?
How do I change the background image of the iPhone?
My iPhone ran out of battery and when I plug it into the outlet, I cannot turn it on and then I have to wait. Is this normal?
The Siri app does not always work.
On my iPhone 5s, how do I set up fingerprint scanner?
On the iPhone, how can I set up a lock code?
How do I change the voice type of Siri on my iPhone?
How do I share photos from my iPhone via iCloud?
In the iPhone weather application, how can I add a city?
In the iPhone weather application, how do I rearrange the cities?
In the iPhone weather application, how do I remove a city?
On the iPhone, how can I choose between Fahrenheit and Celsius?
In the Apple Store, how do I view my wish list?
How do I use Facetime with Siri?
How do I use my iCloud contacts on the iPhone?
On the iPhone, how do I import my contacts from Facebook?
On the iPhone, how do I use my Google contacts?
What is an Apple ID?
How do I recover an iTunes Store account name?
I have Kaspersky 2011 and I am not able to remove it.
In Windows DOS, what is the command to do a disk check?
When I type a command at the DOS command line, it says I need elevation. What is this?
How do I know if my server is turned on?
How do I see the Mac address on Windows?
In the command prompt, is it possible to see the processes that are running on Windows?
How do I enter my Zon Hub router?
How do I connect an external drive to Zon Hub?
What is the command to view and analyze Windows files?
I have an S4. How can I connect to the wireless network?
I have an S4. How can I change the resolution of the camera?
I have a Linksys router, how can I release the IP?
I have a Linksys. How do I know which model I have?
How do I set a new password on my Linksys router?
How do I change the channel of my Linksys router?
I have a Linksys router. How do I change the name of the network?
What are power lines?
What is the difference between USB 2.0 and USB 3.0?
How do I clean my computer screen?
I want to connect a laptop to a television. Which is the best cable to use: HDMI or VGA?
I have a Blu-Ray reader. Can it also work as a recorder?
How do I know if my printer is wireless?
What is the maximum size of data that a CD can hold?
What is the largest size capacity for a DVD?
What is the maximum capacity of a Blu-Ray?
I have one memory slot empty and another is occupied. If I want to buy some new memory, should I buy some for the same kind of slot that I already have?
I want to buy some 5.1 column speakers, will they be compatible with my computer?
What is an UPS??
I have a laptop, can I connect 7.1 speakers?
What is a matrix card?
How do I set the clock on Windows 8?
Is there any free VOIP software?
Where can I find the latest Android version?
My computer doesn´t have a cam, is it possible to buy one?
I have an IMAP account. Where are my e-mails saved?
Where can I generate a QR Code?
How do I choose the spot for my Pc tower?
Where can I find some antivirus tests?
Can you suggest a list of free antivirus software?
Free antivirus software can be used in enterprises?
Can I have the Internet in my house coming from two different providers?
Is there any free Office suite available?
Is there any free software alternative to Photoshop?
How do I order desktop icons by name?
How do I empty the Recycle Bin?
Softwares runnig on Mac run on in Windows too?
I have a Mac. Is it possible to install the Windows?
I have Windows and all my icons have disappeared
What is We Transfer?
How does We Transfer work?
What is Picmonkey?
What is Spotify?
What are Cabovisão DNS servers?
What are the Clix/Novis DNSes?
What are the Kanguru DNS?
Which are the MEO DNS?
Which are the TMN DNS IP?
What is the user name and the password to access a MEO router?
Which are the access data to MEO router for Administrator?
Is there any software that allows remote access to my PC?
I have installed TeamViewer. Which data should be entered to access my PC?
Is remote access via TeamViewer safe?
How do I configure the TeamViewer to start with Windows?
Can I use a 2.0 Pen Drive in a 3.0 port?
Can I use a SATA entry in a motherboard SATA II?
What are the advantages of a desktop vs. a laptop?
Where can I see technology news?
What is a 3D printer?
Where can I find the legislation on acquiring goods online?
If I buy a computer abroad, will it work in Portugal?
Can you give me a website of online games?
In Word 2010, how can I insert an equation?
How can I cut a video in PowerPoint?
How can I insert a YouTube video in PowerPoint?
How can I rearrange the icons on the taskbar of Windows 8?
What is the main difference between 32-bit and 64-bit?
I dropped my PC in water. What do I do?
What does FPS mean?
Where can I find the shortcuts in Windows?
The computer gives a series of beeps and the screen does not turn on after having installed new memory.
Can damaged sectors cause the blue screen?
An alert appeared saying that the motherboard is at (103 ºC). Is this normal?
My PC turns off after some minutes of being on. What could it be?
My PC shuts down after and a few seconds and turns back on by itself.
The computer made a pop, began to smell burnt, and now no longer turns on.
I cannot access Zonline, and the login information is correct.
What is a Disk 2.5?
I want to install a better graphics card and a second disc. Will I have energy problems?
How do I know which is the best provider that I should subscribe for 3G Internet in my area?
I wanted to buy a camera to put in my office and access from home. What kind of equipment do I have to buy?
What is the best, a wireless or cable network?
What are the best cards, from ATI or from Nvidia?
What is the minimum warranty that laptops have?
How can I connect 5 PCs on a network when my router only has 3 outputs?
What is Betfair?
What is the lifespan of a computer?
Will a router with 3 antennas give a better signal?
How do I change the language of my iTunes from English to Portuguese?
Can I put a more powerful antenna on my router?
Would a larger antenna improve my wireless signal?
In Thunderbird the menu that I had before has disappeared.
Where can I purchase an SSL certificate?
What are Cookies?
What does Cyberbullying mean?
What does Social Engineering mean?
Is there any site where I can check good practices for Internet use?
How can I change the name and password of my router?
Is there any way when my router goes down, to continue with the Internet on my laptop?
In Thunderbird, how do I create a filter?
I have a Nexus 4. How do I connect to wireless networks?
How do I connect a Bluetooth to a Nexus 4?
On my Nexus 4, how do I see what space I still have available?
How do I know which version I have on Android?
How do I remove a program from my Nexus 4?
I cannot print wirelessly. The light is flashing very quickly. The printer is an HP 6520.
How do I print directly from a memory card to an HP 6520 printer?
The paper from my printer is jammed. What can I do?
My printer is giving an error in the print cartridges. What do I do?
I have an HP 6520. How can I configure it to turn off automatically?
I have an HP 6520 printer. How do I enable automatic suspension?
What do I need to have a website?
I want to buy an external drive for my computer, will any drive work?
I have my laptop plugged in but it says it is working on battery. What could it be?
I connected my HP j011sp computer to a television. How can I switch between monitors?
How do I pass the sound to the television using an HDMI cable? I have an HP j011sp.
I have an HP j011sp. How can I increase and decrease the brightness of the screen?
On an HP j011sp, how can I mute the sound?
On an HP j011sp, how can I turn on the wireless?
Can I set a password when the computer starts after hibernating? I have an HP j011sp.
How can I save battery power?
How can I check the levels of low battery on my laptop?
How can I prove that Windows is genuine?
Is MEO Cloud free?
How do I upload files to the MEO Cloud?
How do I invite someone to the MEO Cloud?
How can I delete my account on MEO Cloud?
What is MEO Cloud?
How to create an account in MEO Cloud?
Where are my data that I enter located in MEO Cloud?
How do I change my password in MEO Cloud?
Does MEO Cloud have an application?
Does MEO Cloud work on any browser?
Do I have a record of all the movements that I make in my MEO Cloud?
Can I share files and folders with other users of MEO Cloud?
I shared a file from my MEO Cloud. Whose space quota does this occupy?
How do I remove something I shared on MEO Cloud?
What files can I send to MEO Cloud?
How do I change the IP of Zon HUB?
How do I change the start of numbering of DHCP on my Zon HUB?
How do I configure Zon HUB to bridge mode?
How do I change the network name in Zon HUB?
How can I change the password of my Zon HUB?
How can I get the Zon HUB to filter for mac?
How can I change the users of my Zon HUB?
How can I disable Zon Fon?
How can I see which users are connected to my network?
Does MegaCloud have a client for computer?
In Mega, can I insert a file?
In Mega, can I pass an entire folder at once?
I unintentionally removed a file from Mega, is it possible to recover it?
In Mega, how can I create a new folder?
How can I change the language to of Mega to Portuguese?
What are the prices of Mega?
How do I check my remaining space in Mega?
In Mega how I can see the history of my transfers?
How can I end session in Mega?
How much space do I have for free on Mega?
How do I create an account on Mega?
I want to connect my Xbox to TV. Which is the best cable to connect, HDMI or the one with 3 outputs?
In the Xbox how can I see the games I have played recently?
How can I test the connection of my Xbox?
Can I use the Kinect microphone to chat?
How do I play songs in a playlist on Xbox?
What is the Music block?
How do I synchronize the Music app to the cloud?
How do I stream music to an Xbox 360 console?
What is Xbox Music Pass?
What do I do to play MP3 music on my Xbox?
Is it possible to copy songs from CDs to my Xbox?
Is it possible to play music while I play?
How do I manage my Download queue in Xbox?
What do I do to download content that I had already previously downloaded?
How can I view the download history of my Xbox?
I was trying to make a purchase for the Xbox and this error appeared: It is not possible to complete this action right now.
How do I create a playlist in the Xbox Music application on an Android device?
How to clean the lens of the Kinect sensor?
How can I put a file on SkyDrive?
How do I move a file location on SkyDrive?
In SkyDrive how can I create a folder?
How can I rename a file in SkyDrive?
How can I remove a file from SkyDrive?
How do I copy folders from one place to another on Windows?
What are the advantages of RAID 0 against Raid 1?
I have a phone whose input is Micro USB, can I use any cable to charge my phone?
I was connecting some computers to a switch and now the entire network was down.
In Windows, how can I minimize all the windows?
In Windows, how I do look at my session?
How can I change my personal data on ZON?
How can I change the billing address on ZON?
I'm trying to watch a video on MEO GO and this error appears: Error The video failed to play"
How do I open a document in LibreOffice?
How do I make a letter type document in LibreOffice?
Is LibreOffice free?
In LibreOffice, before some tips appeared in the menus. What do I do so that they reappear?
How do I export a LibreOffice document to PDF?
I made a document in LibreOffice. How can I see the number of words it has?
In LibreOffice how can I locate a word?
I opened a document in LibreOffice and an inverted P appears. How can I get rid of it?
In LibreOffice, how can I insert a page break?
How can I insert a new image into a LibreOffice document?
In LibreOffice, how can I insert a header?
In LibreOffice, how can I insert a footer?
In LibreOffice, how can I insert a table?
In LibreOffice, how do I use the spell checker?
In LibreOffice Calc, how can I increase the height of all lines?
How do I increase the width between the columns in LibreOffice Calc?
How can I make sure that my LibreOffice Version has been updated?
How do I apply a filter in LibreOffice?
Is it possible to sort cells in Libre Office?
I have received a File with hidden cells. How can I make them visible?
How do I hide a column in LibreOffice?
I have created a presentation in Libre Office Impress. How can I see the presentatio?
How can I watch a presentation starting from a specific slideshow?
How can I check the duration of a slideshow in LibreOffice?
How do I apply animations between slides in LibreOffice?
How do I configure the option that shows me as an author of a document in LibreOffice?
How can I disable Tips in Libre Office?
Is it possible to change LibreOffice colours?
Can I decrease the time interval for automatic saves in Libre Office?
How do I change the format in which documents are saved by default in the LibreOffice?
How do I change the Libre Office Menus Language?
How do I change the Spellchecker language?
How do I save a document with password in LibreOffice?
How can I hide rulers in Libre Office?
How do I insert a list in Libre Office?
How do I define the margins in Libre Office?
How can I change the page format?
What is MySQL?
What is PHP?
What is c#?
What is a browser?
Can a switch assign IP addresses?
What is ADSL?
What is PPPoE?
How do I switch the windows calculator to the scientific mode?
How do I switch the windows calculator to the programmer mode?
How do I switch the windows calculator to the Statistics Mode?
What is phpmyadmin?
How can I create a ZON account?
Which are the Exchange ActiveSync settings in Zon e-mail ?
Which are the ZON Imap settings?
How do I connect to the ZON HUB for the first time?
How do I connect the printer to the ZON HUB?
How do I connect a disc to the ZON HUB?
How do I connect a multimedia disc to the ZON HUB?
What does the light visible in the middle of the ZON HUB mean?
The blue light in my ZON keeps flashing.
The orange light in ZON router keeps flashing.
I hava ZON I see a solid orange light. What does it mean?
How do I connect to ZON HUB on a Mac Lion?
How do I connect to ZON HUB on a Mac Snow Leopard?
How do I connect to ZON HUB on a Mac Leopard?
How do I connect to ZON HUB on a Mac Tiger?
How do I install a ZON NetGear?
How can I change my wireless internet password. I have a ZON Netgear?
How do I change the acess password of the Netgear ZON ?
How do I change the name of my network? I have a Netgear ZON.
How do I connect my Llinksys 54 GC to network?
How do I configure security for the Llinksys 54 GC router?
How do I change the password on my Linksys 54 GC ?
How do I change the name of my wireless network if I have Llinksys 54 GC ?
How do I change the password of ZON Fon ?
How do I configure my Zon FON profile?
How do I check my travel ZON FON history?
How do I customize a HotSpot in my ZON Hub?
How can I see who has access to my ZON HotSpot?
How do I access the ZON Phone HotSpots map?
How do I join the f-secure online backup service?
How do I install F-secure Backup?
How do I join the F-secure ZON ?
How do I download F-secure ZON ?
How do I find the IMEI on my ZON USB modem ?
How do I change the PIN of my Zon USB modem? It is a HUAWEI E173S.
How do I install my zon USB modem in windows? It’s a Huawei E173s.
I bought a USB modem HUAWEI E173S Zon. How do I install it? I have a Mac.
How do I configure outgoing SMSs by HUAWEI E173S USB modem?
How do I install pocket 3g router?
How do I configure the pocket ZON router?
How do I start working with a POCKET ROUTER?
What’s the webmail address of ZON?
How do I forward e-mails at ZON?
What’s the maximum number of computers that can be connected to my router?
How do I see my IP being connected to a router on windows?
How do I see my IP being connected to a router on mac?
What are ZON@Fon Hotspots?
What’s the navigation speed in ZON@Fon
What’s a Wi-FI repeater?
What’s Skype?
How does Skype work?
What’s DropBox?
How much storage comes with Dropbox?
What’s a Digital certificate?
What’s DHCP?
What’s a Processor?
What’s DNS?
What’s a Firewall?
What’s a netmask?
What are Private IP Addresses?
Which are the private addresses?
What’s Ping command and what it’s used for?
What’s a hard-disk?
I have a Galaxy Note 10.1. Where’s the microphone?
On Asus vivoTab where is the NFC located?
How do I insert a micro SIM on Asus VivoTab?
I have an Android. How do I switch between screens?
What should I do to see the notifications on my Android?
On Android, what should I do to move icons on the screen?
How can I change the sounds of my Nexus 7?
How do I configure the brightness of my Nexus 7?
How do I change the wallpaper of my tablet?
What do I need to do to disable the report and the location history, on the screen of Google Now:
On Nexus 7, where can I see the battery status?
What do I need to do to forget a wireless network on Nexus 7?
On Nexus 7, how do I connect to a VPN?
How can I activate NFC of Nexus 7?
What should I do to activate Bluetooth on my Nexus 7?
What should I do to change the Bluetooth name on my Nexus 7?
How do I activate screen security of my Nexus 7?
How can I encrypt my Nexus 7?
I have Windows RT. How do I zoom in and zoom out on an image?
On windows RT, how do I rotate an image?
How do I right-click on a tablet with RT?
How do I turn off Surface?
How do I hibernate Surface?
How do I restart Surface?
Can I lock the screen of Surface in a position?
How do I change the screen brightness?
Where’s the virtual keyboard on Surface?
Where can I check the battery status of Surface?
How do I access the control panel of Windows RT
On windows RT, what’s the difference between Ending a session and Block?
How do I change users on Surface RT without closing applications?
How do I set a password for each image in Windows RT?
How do I remove an application in Windows RT?
How do I update an application?
How do I change the desktop background image?
How do I pin and unpin applications from RT’s desktop?
How do I activate Bluetooth in Windows RT?
How do I add a Bluetooth Device to Windows RT?
What is the maximum size that Surface supports on a Micro SD card?
How do I disconnect a wireless connection on Surface RT?
How do I change Surface from flight mode?
How do I switch views in Windows RT’s calendar?
How do I add an appointment into Surface’s calendar?
How do I take a picture on Surface?
How do I play a video on Surface?
My location does not appear on the Surface Maps application. What can I do?
How do I manually search for updates on Surface?
How do I see my Windows Update history?
What is a graphic card?
What is a virtual machine?
I have an Asus O play. How do I configure the sound?
I have an Asus O play. How do I configure the video?
I have an Asus O play. How do I upgrade the firmware?
How do I connect my Samsung Smart TV to a cabled network?
I am getting an error connecting my Samsung TV to a cabled network. It says: Network cable not found.
When connecting my Samsung TV via a cabled network, a warning appears saying automatic IP addressing failure
When I connect my Samsung TV to cable, a warning appears saying ‘Connected to a local network, but not to the Internet’
I bought a Samsung TV. How do I automatically set up the wireless network?
How do I manually configure the wireless network?
How do I configure my Samsung TV using WPS?
Whenever I try to connect my Samsung TV to the wireless network, the following warning message appears: “Unable to connect to a wireless router”
Whenever I try to connect my Samsung TV to the wireless network, the following message appears: “Automatic IP addressing has failed”
I was connecting my Samsung TV to a wireless network and the following warning message appeared: “Unable to connect to the network”
I was connecting my Samsung TV to a wireless network and the following warning message appeared: “Connected to the local area network, but not the internet”
How do I check the network status on my Samsung TV?
I read that I could connect wireless equipment directly to my TV without a router. How do I do that? My TV is a Samsung Smart TV.
How do I rename my Samsung TV?
I have an Axis M1054 security camera. What is the default IP?
How can I see if I have disk errors in Windows Vista?
How do I configure Windows 8 to go to the desktop when it opens?
How do I configure Windows 8 to go to the Metro interface when it opens?
Can you change the color scheme and image of the menu in Windows 8?
What do I do to move a tile in Windows 8?
How do I resize an icon in Windows 8?
How do I hide an update that I don’t want to do?
I hid an update and now I want to install it on Windows 8. 
My PC was turned off during a scheduled update.
I keep getting messages to restart the PC to complete the installation of the updates.
If the PC stops responding while searching for updates
I received the error 0x80070643.
How do I search for new updates of IE?
How do I disable automatic updates for Internet Explorer?
How do I remove the Microsoft mouse software?
Sometimes I cannot find the pointer on the screen (it seems to be hidden).
When the mouse cable approaches the laptop, it goes to standby.
Does my computer support any type of mouse?
Is there any way to ping from different locations?
How do I connect my Wii U to wireless?
How do I connect my Nintendo 3DS to the wireless network?
How do I connect my PS Vita to the network?
I bought a Vigor 2110n router. How do I enter the admin page?
How do I enable auto logout on the Vigor 2110n page?
How do I change my admin password?
How do I see my computer name from the command prompt in DOS?
How do I get a different IP in Windows?
In WhatsApp, how do I send a voice message?
In WhatsApp, what is the difference between the blue and green microphones?
How do I change my phone number in WhatsApp?
Why doesn’t WhatsApp connect to the Wi-Fi network?
How do I create a group in WhatsApp?
How do I add a contact to a group in WhatsApp?
How do I remove a contact from a group in WhatsApp?
In WhatsApp, how do I rename a group?
How do I change the icon of a group?
How do I turn off the notifications of a WhatsApp group?
How do I back up all my chat from WhatsApp?
How do I back up a conversation in WhatsApp?
How do I change my profile picture and username in WhatsApp?
How do I change my status in WhatsApp?
How do I delete a single message from a conversation in WhatsApp?
How do I delete an individual or group discussion in WhatsApp?
How do I delete the entire chat history in WhatsApp?
I can’t connect to WhatsApp. What can I do?
How do I turn off the sounds of conversation in WhatsApp?
How do I remove my account from WhatsApp?
How do I remove WhatsApp from my phone?
What is Google Earth?
How do I change the language of Google Earth?
Is there any website where I can test the Google APIs?
How do I install Chrome for Android?
How do I install Chrome on my Iphone?
How do I log into Chrome for Android?
How do I sign out of my Chrome for Android account?
How do I create a bookmark in Google Chrome?
How do I open a bookmark in Chrome on Android?
How do I import my Android Chrome browser favorites?
How do I edit or exclude bookmarks from Android Chrome?
How do I create a shortcut to Chrome on my Android?
How do I active and deactivate Chrome to save passwords on my Android?
How do I delete a password saved in Chrome?
How do I change a password on Android Google Chrome.
How can I enable and disable the translation bar of Google Chrome?
How can I erase my history on Android Google Chrome?
On my Iphone, how can I erase the history of Chrome?
How to disable the Safe Search filter?
I see search results labeled with “This site may harm your computer”. What does that mean?
I wonder what the function of consolidating iTunes is.
How do I consolidate my library in iTunes?
How do I copy iTunes libraries to a flash drive?
How do I know which folder have the iTunes saved to my music files?
I would like to keep the same music volume in iTunes.
How can I change the volume of a song, in iTunes?
Can I change the folder where iTunes saves files?
How do I keep my music videos organized in iTunes?
I have a lot of music in my pc, therefore I want to import them to iTunes.
I would like to import music in iTunes automatically, without duplications.
Import RMVB to iTunes.
What is a RMVB file?
How can I see a RMVB?
What is a podcast?
How can I download iTunes podcast to my Android mobile phone?
How do I find a podcast in iTunes?
When I import a cd in iTunes, it starts playing automatically, and I don’t want it to.
What is an AAC file?
Can I import CD to iTunes and save the songs as MP3?
How do I convert AAC files to MP3?
Does iTunes have an equalizer?
What do I do to get an Apple ID?
I do not remember my Apple ID.
Over time I created multiple Apple IDs. Can I group them into one?
I no longer use the e-mail connected to my Apple ID. What do I do now?
When I try to log in with my Apple ID says my account has been disabled.
I want to cancel my Apple ID account.
Is it possible to find an iPhone that was stolen?
I moved to a different country. How do I change the settings on my Apple account?
When I create an Apple ID, do I have to put the data from the credit card?
How do I log out of my iTunes account?
Authorize an iPhone
What is LinkedIn?
I want my contacts on LinkedIn to stop receiving information about my activities.
I do not want to show my activities on LinkedIn.
How do I deactivate my public profile on LinkedIn?
I want to create a calendar for a Facebook group.
How to put a countdown on my Facebook?
How do I merge multiple PDFs on a Mac?
What is a web server?
What is a MAC address?
Is there a good browser for Android with free maps of Portugal?
To use MEO Drive, must I be connected to the Internet?
How do I delete the speed limit sound alert from MEO Drive?
What do I do to manage a Facebook page in Android?
Does MEO Drive only work for Portugal?
How do I create a ringtone of my favorite songs for my Android?
What is Shazam?
Can I buy a book in Kindle format on Amazon and read it on my Android phone?
What is Kindle?
I want to download a free book from Google Play, but it is asking me for my credit card data.
To read a Google Play book on my Android phone, do I need a reader?
I want to update my MAC to Maverick. Is that possible?
How do I know the operating system version of my Mac?
If I paste a Google map in Word, can I then modify the map?
Is there a way to create a form without spending money?
How do I share a document on Google Drive?
If I modify a file shared on Google while someone else do the same, what happens?
I have to make a presentation but want to make something more dynamic than a PowerPoint.
What is Prezi?
I installed ZoneAlarm Free. What do I do to scan?
In ZoneAlarm Free, how do I activate game mode?
In ZoneAlarm Free how do I schedule a scan?
In ZoneAlarm Free can you define a password?
My ZoneAlarm Free does not start when the system starts.
What is a Web cache?
What is latency in computer science?
What does a buffer mean?
What is a host?
Skype locks up my computer. What can I do?
Where can I download Direct X?
How do I install Skype on Ubuntu?
What do I do to install Skype on Debian 7.0 in 32-bit?
How do I install Skype on Fedora in 64-bit?
When I'm trying to start Skype, it's giving me the error KERNEL32.dll. What can I do to resolve this?
How do I download XP Service Pack 3?
What is the minimum bandwidth that Skype needs for a video call?
Does Skype on Android work on 3G, 4G and Wi-Fi networks?
What are the minimum requirements to install Skype on Windows?
What are the minimum requirements to install Skype on Mac?
What are the minimum requirements to install Skype in Linux?
What do I do to uninstall Skype?
In Android, how do I make Skype connect automatically?
How do I go offline on Skype on Android?
In Android, how do I sync contacts between the phone and Skype?
How do I change my Skype notifications in Android?
My Skype answers automatically, how do I reverse this behavior?
I have Skype on my Android but I cannot make video calls.
How do I change the quality of the video on Skype on Android?
Should I use a beta version of Skype?
Why do I get error code 1618 in Windows Installer when I install Skype?
How do I see which version of Skype I am using on my Windows Phone?
How do I see the version of Skype in Windows 8?
How can I see the version of Skype on my iPad?
How do I see the version of Skype on Android?
How can I see the version of Skype on Sybian?
How can I see the version of Skype for the Sony Tablet P?
How do I see what version of Windows Phone I have?
What do I do to copy and paste in Windows Phone?
What do I do to paste text in Windows Phone?
What do I do to switch between applications in Windows Phone?
How do I enable battery conservation on Windows Phone?
How do I activate airplane mode in Windows Phone?
How do I disable data mode on my mobile phone?
What do I do to set the brightness of the screen in Windows Phone manually?
When I am installing, Skype gives the error 1603. What does it mean?
Why do I get a script error message when I connect to Skype?
What are the ports that must be open in order to use Skype in Windows?
Is Skype free?
Information from ZoneAlarm appeared saying that my Real-Time Protection is turned off. How do I activate it?
How do I disable the ZoneAlarm firewall?
Is there a jack adapter for USB 3.5?
Is there any way to remove ads from YouTube videos?
Can I insert DDR2 memory in a DDR slot?
How can I find the latest version of the Facebook application and update?
How do I logout in the application for iPhone or iPad?
How do I disable Facebook notifications in Android?
